Your lips, my bride, drip like the honeycomb. Honey and milk are under your tongue. The smell of your garments is like the smell of Lebanon.
For in you, Yahweh, do I hope. You will answer, Lord my God.
But Yahweh reigns forever. He has prepared his throne for judgment.
God do so to the enemies of David, and more also, if I leave of all that belongs to him by the morning light so much as one who urinates on a wall. "
You, son of man, take a sharp sword; You shall take it as a barber's razor to you, and shall cause it to pass on your head and on your beard: then take balances to weigh, and divide the hair.
They traveled from Succoth, and encamped in Etham, which is in the edge of the wilderness.
Set up road signs, make guideposts; set your heart toward the highway, even the way by which you went: turn again, virgin of Israel, turn again to these your cities.
When the children of Ammon saw that they were become odious to David, the children of Ammon sent and hired the Syrians of Beth Rehob, and the Syrians of Zobah, twenty thousand footmen, and the king of Maacah with one thousand men, and the men of Tob twelve thousand men.
They brought up and brought out of Egypt a chariot for six hundred pieces of silver, and a horse for one hundred fifty: and so for all the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of Syria, they brought them out by their means.
Your throne is established from long ago. You are from everlasting.
Then they said to him, "What shall we do to you, that the sea may be calm to us?" For the sea grew more and more stormy.
With which your enemies have mocked, Yahweh, with which they have mocked the footsteps of your anointed one.
The children of Adin, six hundred fifty-five.
"If she has a husband, while her vows are on her, or the rash utterance of her lips, with which she has bound her soul,
"Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, 'When you come into the land where I bring you,
Yahweh builds up Jerusalem. He gathers together the outcasts of Israel.
When they had come down from the high place into the city, he talked with Saul on the housetop.
The people answered him in this way, saying, "So shall it be done to the man who kills him."
Moses lifted up his hand, and struck the rock with his rod twice: and water came forth abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their livestock.
He spoke to him yet again, and said, "What if there are forty found there?" He said, "I will not do it for the forty's sake."
They shall all be ashamed because of a people that can't profit them, that are not a help nor profit, but a shame, and also a reproach."
If these men die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after the visitation of all men; then Yahweh hasn't sent me.
If I take the wings of the dawn, and settle in the uttermost parts of the sea;
When Samuel saw Saul, Yahweh said to him, "Behold, the man of whom I spoke to you! this same shall have authority over my people."
My eyes are ever on Yahweh, for he will pluck my feet out of the net.
You see many things, but don't observe. His ears are open, but he doesn't listen.
and tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will send and take Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will set his throne on these stones that I have hidden; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them.
"Speak to the children of Israel, saying, 'You shall eat no fat, of bull, or sheep, or goat.
It happened at noon, that Elijah mocked them, and said, "Cry aloud; for he is a god. Either he is musing, or he has gone aside, or he is on a journey, or perhaps he sleeps and must be awakened."
There was again war with the Philistines at Gob; and Elhanan the son of Jaareoregim the Bethlehemite killed Goliath the Gittite's brother, the staff of whose spear was like a weaver's beam.
So Solomon held the feast at that time, and all Israel with him, a great assembly, from the entrance of Hamath to the brook of Egypt, before Yahweh our God, seven days and seven days, even fourteen days.
Their father, Israel, said to them, "If it must be so, then do this. Take from the choice fruits of the land in your bags, and carry down a present for the man, a little balm, a little honey, spices and myrrh, nuts, and almonds;
Therefore her young men will fall in her streets, and all her men of war will be brought to silence in that day, says Yahweh.
If we say, 'We will enter into the city,' then the famine is in the city, and we shall die there. If we sit still here, we also die. Now therefore come, and let us surrender to the army of the Syrians. If they save us alive, we will live; and if they kill us, we will only die."
Yahweh said to Moses, "Go up into this mountain of Abarim, and see the land which I have given to the children of Israel.
Joab answered, "Far be it, far be it from me, that I should swallow up or destroy.
He said to Balak, "Stand here by your burnt offering, while I meet over there."
But he would have also fed them with the finest of the wheat. I will satisfy you with honey out of the rock."
The Midianites sold him into Egypt to Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, the captain of the guard.
Jacob said, "Swear to me first." He swore to him. He sold his birthright to Jacob.
and say, Hear the word of Yahweh, kings of Judah, and inhabitants of Jerusalem: thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, which whoever hears, his ears shall tingle.
In the thirty-eighth year of Azariah king of Judah, Zechariah the son of Jeroboam reigned over Israel in Samaria six months.
chief Kenaz, chief Teman, chief Mibzar,
As the flock for sacrifice, as the flock of Jerusalem in her appointed feasts, so shall the waste cities be filled with flocks of men; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Ben Hadad listened to king Asa, and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel, and struck Ijon, and Dan, and Abel Beth Maacah, and all Chinneroth, with all the land of Naphtali.
After this, Sennacherib king of Assyria sent his servants to Jerusalem, (now he was before Lachish, and all his power with him), to Hezekiah king of Judah, and to all Judah who were at Jerusalem, saying,
So I hated life, because the work that is worked under the sun was grievous to me; for all is vanity and a chasing after wind.
He presented the other ram, the ram of consecration: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands on the head of the ram.
Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of Moses, one of his chosen men, answered, "My lord Moses, forbid them!"
Thorns will come up in its palaces, nettles and thistles in its fortresses; and it will be a habitation of jackals, a court for ostriches.
Whoever there is among you of all his people, may his God be with him, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and build the house of Yahweh, the God of Israel (he is God), which is in Jerusalem.
I will set a fire in Egypt: Sin shall be in great anguish, and No shall be broken up; and Memphis [shall have] adversaries in the daytime.
He caused me to pass by them all around: and behold, there were very many in the open valley; and behold, they were very dry.
the son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of Shemer,
These are those who spoke to Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring out the children of Israel from Egypt. These are that Moses and Aaron.
He said, "Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who spoke with his mouth to David my father, and has with his hands fulfilled it, saying,
Behold, you have instructed many, you have strengthened the weak hands.
"Now therefore, if you have dealt truly and righteously, in that you have made Abimelech king, and if you have dealt well with Jerubbaal and his house, and have done to him according to the deserving of his hands
Therefore as the tongue of fire devours the stubble, and as the dry grass sinks down in the flame, so their root shall be as rottenness, and their blossom shall go up as dust; because they have rejected the law of Yahweh of Armies, and despised the word of the Holy One of Israel.
Therefore they spoke to the king of Assyria, saying, "The nations which you have carried away, and placed in the cities of Samaria, don't know the law of the god of the land. Therefore he has sent lions among them, and behold, they kill them, because they don't know the law of the god of the land."
On the plates of its stays, and on its panels, he engraved cherubim, lions, and palm trees, according to the space of each, with wreaths all around.
The days in which we came from Kadesh Barnea, until we had come over the brook Zered, were thirty-eight years; until all the generation of the men of war were consumed from the midst of the camp, as Yahweh swore to them.
There shall be no prostitute of the daughters of Israel, neither shall there be a sodomite of the sons of Israel.
I have made the earth, the men and the animals that are on the surface of the earth, by my great power and by my outstretched arm; and I give it to whom it seems right to me.
How long will you not look away from me, nor leave me alone until I swallow down my spittle?
God said to Jacob, "Arise, go up to Bethel, and live there. Make there an altar to God, who appeared to you when you fled from the face of Esau your brother."
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: Yet again shall there be in this place, which is waste, without man and without animal, and in all its cities, a habitation of shepherds causing their flocks to lie down.
Then he called for Solomon his son, and commanded him to build a house for Yahweh, the God of Israel.
"Listen to this, Job. Stand still, and consider the wondrous works of God.
You haven't given water to the weary to drink, and you have withheld bread from the hungry.
Tamar his daughter-in-law bore him Perez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah were five.
Pharaoh said, "I will let you go, that you may sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness, only you shall not go very far away. Pray for me."
All the people of Judah took Azariah, who was sixteen years old, and made him king in the place of his father Amaziah.
The remnant of Jacob will be among the nations, in the midst of many peoples, like a lion among the animals of the forest, like a young lion among the flocks of sheep; who, if he goes through, treads down and tears in pieces, and there is no one to deliver.
But Barak pursued after the chariots, and after the army, to Harosheth of the Gentiles: and all the army of Sisera fell by the edge of the sword; there was not a man left.
Thus the Lord Yahweh showed me: and behold, he formed locusts in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and behold, it was the latter growth after the king's harvest.
To teach you truth, reliable words, to give sound answers to the ones who sent you?
His master said to him, "We won't turn aside into the city of a foreigner, that is not of the children of Israel; but we will pass over to Gibeah."
The children of Kiriath Arim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred forty-three.
Give us help against the enemy, for the help of man is vain.
The farthest cities of the tribe of the children of Judah toward the border of Edom in the South were Kabzeel, Eder, Jagur,
They put his armor in the house of the Ashtaroth; and they fastened his body to the wall of Beth Shan.
The captains over hundreds did according to all that Jehoiada the priest commanded; and they took every man his men, those who were to come in on the Sabbath, with those who were to go out on the Sabbath, and came to Jehoiada the priest.
If the priest examines the plague of itching, and behold, its appearance isn't deeper than the skin, and there is no black hair in it, then the priest shall isolate him the person infected with itching seven days.
But he refused, and said to his master's wife, "Behold, my master doesn't know what is with me in the house, and he has put all that he has into my hand.
For Yahweh spoke thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me not to walk in the way of this people, saying,
To Eber were born two sons. The name of the one was Peleg, for in his days the earth was divided. His brother's name was Joktan.
Wash yourselves, make yourself clean. Put away the evil of your doings from before my eyes. Cease to do evil.
I reach out my hands for your commandments, which I love. I will meditate on your statutes.
< < By David. > > Yahweh is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? Yahweh is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid?
therefore you go, and read in the scroll, which you have written from my mouth, the words of Yahweh in the ears of the people in Yahweh's house on the fast day; and also you shall read them in the ears of all Judah who come out of their cities.
The pig, because it has a split hoof but doesn't chew the cud, is unclean to you: of their flesh you shall not eat, and their carcasses you shall not touch.
and found his heart faithful before you, and made a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanite, the Hittite, the Amorite, and the Perizzite, and the Jebusite, and the Girgashite, to give it to his seed, and have performed your words; for you are righteous.
Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore shall they fall among those who fall; in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down, says Yahweh.
When they urged him until he was ashamed, he said, "Send them." They sent therefore fifty men; and they searched for three days, but didn't find him.
The thing was right in the eyes of the king and of all the assembly.
But oh that God would speak, and open his lips against you,
Lot lifted up his eyes, and saw all the plain of the Jordan, that it was well-watered everywhere, before Yahweh destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, like the garden of Yahweh, like the land of Egypt, as you go to Zoar.
Yes, of Zion it will be said, "This one and that one was born in her"; the Most High himself will establish her.
and Hashabiah, and with him Jeshaiah of the sons of Merari, his brothers and their sons, twenty;
Then Yahweh said to Isaiah, "Go out now to meet Ahaz, you, and Shearjashub your son, at the end of the conduit of the upper pool, on the highway of the fuller's field.
(for Joab and all Israel remained there six months, until he had cut off every male in Edom);
You, my lord the king, the eyes of all Israel are on you, that you should tell them who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him.
The Philistines put themselves in array against Israel: and when they joined battle, Israel was struck before the Philistines; and they killed of the army in the field about four thousand men.
They struck of Moab at that time about ten thousand men, every lusty man, and every man of valor; and there escaped not a man.
Alas! for that day is great, so that none is like it: it is even the time of Jacob's trouble; but he shall be saved out of it.
Be strong, and behave like men, O you Philistines, that you not be servants to the Hebrews, as they have been to you. Strengthen yourselves like men, and fight!"
They said to him, "See now, there are with your servants fifty strong men. Please let them go and seek your master. Perhaps the Spirit of Yahweh has taken him up, and put him on some mountain, or into some valley. He said, "You shall not send them."
The old lion perishes for lack of prey. The cubs of the lioness are scattered abroad.
The priests stood, according to their positions; the Levites also with instruments of music of Yahweh, which David the king had made to give thanks to Yahweh, when David praised by their ministry, saying "For his loving kindness endures for ever." The priests sounded trumpets before them; and all Israel stood.
The sluggard will not plow by reason of the winter; therefore he shall beg in harvest, and have nothing.
For I will not contend forever, neither will I be always angry; for the spirit would faint before me, and the souls who I have made.
If he comes to see me, he speaks falsehood. His heart gathers iniquity to itself. When he goes abroad, he tells it.
Yet the children of Manasseh couldn't drive out the inhabitants of those cities; but the Canaanites would dwell in that land.
Delicate living is not appropriate for a fool, much less for a servant to have rule over princes.
Joab returned from following Abner: and when he had gathered all the people together, there lacked of David's servants nineteen men and Asahel.
and I will shake all nations. The precious things of all nations will come, and I will fill this house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
There were arches all around, twenty-five cubits long, and five cubits broad.
Only he didn't buy the land of the priests, for the priests had a portion from Pharaoh, and ate their portion which Pharaoh gave them. That is why they didn't sell their land.
Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of Yahweh by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, Yahweh stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, so that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
You shall speak all these words to them; but they will not listen to you: you shall also call to them; but they will not answer you.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Woe to the bloody city, to the caldron whose rust is therein, and whose rust is not gone out of it! take out of it piece after piece; No lot is fallen on it.
Therefore Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, according to the cleanness of my hands in his eyesight.
Of the sons of Shecaniah, of the sons of Parosh, Zechariah; and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males one hundred fifty.
Then Hezekiah said to Isaiah, "The word of Yahweh which you have spoken is good." He said moreover, "Isn't it so, if peace and truth shall be in my days?"
Ephah, Caleb's concubine, bore Haran, and Moza, and Gazez; and Haran became the father of Gazez.
So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shiloh, and after they had drunk. Now Eli the priest was sitting on his seat by the doorpost of Yahweh's temple.
They delivered the king's commissions to the king's satraps, and to the governors beyond the River: and they furthered the people and God's house.
"Take a census of all the congregation of the children of Israel, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, every male, one by one;
"On the north side shall be the standard of the camp of Dan according to their divisions: and the prince of the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
If the bright spot stays in its place, and hasn't spread in the skin, but is faded, it is the swelling from the burn, and the priest shall pronounce him clean; for it is the scar from the burn.
He commissioned Joshua the son of Nun, and said, "Be strong and courageous; for you shall bring the children of Israel into the land which I swore to them: and I will be with you."
Deliver me from bloodguiltiness, O God, the God of my salvation. My tongue shall sing aloud of your righteousness.
Let them praise his name in the dance! Let them sing praises to him with tambourine and harp!
You said to your servants, 'Unless your youngest brother comes down with you, you will see my face no more.'
The proud one shall stumble and fall, and none shall raise him up; and I will kindle a fire in his cities, and it shall devour all who are around him.
But the Jews who were in Shushan assembled together on the thirteenth and on the fourteenth days of the month; and on the fifteenth day of that month, they rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.
Among the smooth stones of the valley is your portion; they, they are your lot; you have even poured a drink offering to them. You have offered an offering. Shall I be appeased for these things?
Take heed to yourselves, lest you forget the covenant of Yahweh your God, which he made with you, and make you an engraved image in the form of anything which Yahweh your God has forbidden you.
Moses spoke to the people, saying, "Arm men from among you for the war, that they may go against Midian, to execute Yahweh's vengeance on Midian.
My soul stays close to you. Your right hand holds me up.
These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their languages, in their lands, after their nations.
with whom my hand shall be established. My arm will also strengthen him.
The king's heart is in Yahweh's hand like the watercourses. He turns it wherever he desires.
God said to Abraham, "Don't let it be grievous in your sight because of the boy, and because of your handmaid. In all that Sarah says to you, listen to her voice. For from Isaac will your seed be called.
You search out my path and my lying down, and are acquainted with all my ways.
Mount Sinai, all it, smoked, because Yahweh descended on it in fire; and its smoke ascended like the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mountain quaked greatly.
(for all these abominations have the men of the land done, that were before you, and the land became defiled);
and Zechariah, and Aziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, with stringed instruments set to Alamoth;
The eyes of both of them were opened, and they knew that they were naked. They sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.
For the Levites have no portion among you; for the priesthood of Yahweh is their inheritance. Gad, Reuben, and the half-tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance beyond the Jordan eastward, which Moses the servant of Yahweh gave them."
You had now turned, and had done that which is right in my eyes, in proclaiming liberty every man to his neighbor; and you had made a covenant before me in the house which is called by my name:
He put the handmaids and their children in front, Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph at the rear.
It happened in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him. He went in to her.
Commit your deeds to Yahweh, and your plans shall succeed.
when I shall send on them the evil arrows of famine, that are for destruction, which I will send to destroy you: and I will increase the famine on you, and will break your staff of bread;
You shall tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Drink, and be drunk, vomit, fall, and rise no more, because of the sword which I will send among you.
In measure, when you send them away, you contend with them. He has removed them with his rough blast in the day of the east wind.
When the servant of the man of God had risen early, and gone out, behold, an army with horses and chariots was around the city. His servant said to him, "Alas, my master! What shall we do?"
When Boaz had eaten and drunk, and his heart was merry, he went to lie down at the end of the heap of grain. She came softly, uncovered his feet, and laid her down.
He commanded them, saying, "This is what you shall tell my lord, Esau: 'This is what your servant, Jacob, says. I have lived as a foreigner with Laban, and stayed until now.
I am very angry with the nations that are at ease; for I was but a little displeased, but they added to the calamity."
Yahweh said to Joshua, "Today I have rolled away the reproach of Egypt from off you." Therefore the name of that place was called Gilgal, to this day.
When I would heal Israel, then the iniquity of Ephraim is uncovered, also the wickedness of Samaria; for they commit falsehood, and the thief enters in, and the gang of robbers ravages outside.
I turned myself to consider wisdom, madness, and folly: for what can the king's successor do? Just that which has been done long ago.
which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon didn't take, when he carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim, king of Judah, from Jerusalem to Babylon, and all the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem;
Arpachshad became the father of Shelah, and Shelah became the father of Eber.
So we stayed in the valley over against Beth Peor.
They shall no more sacrifice their sacrifices to the goat idols, after which they play the prostitute. This shall be a statute forever to them throughout their generations.'
It happened after these things, that someone said to Joseph, "Behold, your father is sick." He took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim.
Blessed are those who keep justice. Blessed is one who does what is right at all times.
Of Heman; the sons of Heman: Bukkiah, Mattaniah, Uzziel, Shebuel, and Jerimoth, Hananiah, Hanani, Eliathah, Giddalti, and Romamti-Ezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, Mahazioth.
and tore the kingdom away from the house of David, and gave it you; and yet you have not been as my servant David, who kept my commandments, and who followed me with all his heart, to do that only which was right in my eyes,
of Arod, the family of the Arodites; of Areli, the family of the Arelites.
I fade away like an evening shadow. I am shaken off like a locust.
It happened about three months later, that it was told Judah, saying, "Tamar, your daughter-in-law, has played the prostitute; and moreover, behold, she is with child by prostitution." Judah said, "Bring her out, and let her be burnt."
'I will establish your seed forever, and build up your throne to all generations.'" Selah.
However he would not listen to her voice; but being stronger than she, he forced her, and lay with her.
Let all them be shamed who serve engraved images, who boast in their idols. Worship him, all you gods!
He will judge your people with righteousness, and your poor with justice.
The desire of the sluggard kills him, for his hands refuse to labor.
Who has believed our message? To whom has the arm of Yahweh been revealed?
< < A contemplation by Asaph. > > Hear my teaching, my people. Turn your ears to the words of my mouth.
David put his hand in his bag, took a stone, and slung it, and struck the Philistine in his forehead; and the stone sank into his forehead, and he fell on his face to the earth.
They didn't know that Joseph understood them; for there was an interpreter between them.
He shall take from the congregation of the children of Israel two male goats for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.
If it is a female, then your valuation shall be thirty shekels.
Are the consolations of God too small for you, even the word that is gentle toward you?
then I would speak, and not fear him, for I am not so in myself.
There was again war with the Philistines; and Elhanan the son of Jair killed Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittite, the staff of whose spear was like a weaver's beam.
Now, Lord, what do I wait for? My hope is in you.
He said, "What cities are these which you have given me, my brother?" He called them the land of Cabul to this day.
Then these men assembled together, and found Daniel making petition and supplication before his God.
who think to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbor, as their fathers forgot my name for Baal.
For Yahweh has ransomed Jacob, and redeemed him from the hand of him who was stronger than he.
He sent Eliakim, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and the elders of the priests, covered with sackcloth, to Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz.
The king said to the woman, "Go to your house, and I will give a command concerning you."
"Let's go up against Judah, and tear it apart, and let's divide it among ourselves, and set up a king in its midst, even the son of Tabeel."
When he sees a troop, horsemen in pairs, a troop of donkeys, a troop of camels, he shall listen diligently with great attentiveness."
He who was over the household, and he who was over the city, the elders also, and those who raised the children, sent to Jehu, saying, "We are your servants, and will do all that you ask us. We will not make any man king. You do that which is good in your eyes."
and a bud under two branches of one piece with it, and a bud under two branches of one piece with it, and a bud under two branches of one piece with it, for the six branches going out of it.
The sons of Merari: Mahli and Mushi. These are the families of the Levites according to their generations.
when the anger of God went up against them, killed some of their fattest, and struck down the young men of Israel.
Many men claim to be men of unfailing love, but who can find a faithful man?
Keep me from the way of deceit. Grant me your law graciously!
There was a wall around in them, around the four, and boiling places were made under the walls all around.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and forgot Yahweh their God, and served the Baals and the Asheroth.
Esau went to Ishmael, and took, besides the wives that he had, Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael, Abraham's son, the sister of Nebaioth, to be his wife.
Behold, Saul came following the oxen out of the field; and Saul said, "What ails the people that they weep?" They told him the words of the men of Jabesh.
So you shall do on the seventh [day] of the month for everyone who errs, and for him who is simple: so you shall make atonement for the house.
I will write on the tables the words that were on the first tables which you broke, and you shall put them in the ark."
He and his people with him, the terrible of the nations, shall be brought in to destroy the land; and they shall draw their swords against Egypt, and fill the land with the slain.
At her feet he bowed, he fell, he lay. At her feet he bowed, he fell. Where he bowed, there he fell down dead.
Now what have you to do in the way to Egypt, to drink the waters of the Shihor? Or what have you to do in the way to Assyria, to drink the waters of the River?
The Jews struck all their enemies with the stroke of the sword, and with slaughter and destruction, and did what they wanted to those who hated them.
There was a great famine in Samaria. Behold, they besieged it, until a donkey's head was sold for eighty pieces of silver, and the fourth part of a kab of dove's dung for five pieces of silver.
then hear in heaven, your dwelling place, and forgive, and do, and render to every man according to all his ways, whose heart you know; (for you, even you only, know the hearts of all the children of men;)
For he spoke, and it was done. He commanded, and it stood firm.
"Remember, now, whoever perished, being innocent? Or where were the upright cut off?
Kerioth is taken, and the strongholds are seized, and the heart of the mighty men of Moab at that day shall be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.
I will destroy your high places, and cut down your incense altars, and cast your dead bodies upon the bodies of your idols; and my soul will abhor you.
"Then you shall go on forward from there, and you shall come to the oak of Tabor; and three men shall meet you there going up to God to Bethel, one carrying three young goats, and another carrying three loaves of bread, and another carrying a bottle of wine:
Their villages were Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities;
As your servant was busy here and there, he was gone." The king of Israel said to him, "So your judgment shall be; you yourself have decided it."
By reason of the abundance of his horses their dust shall cover you: your walls shall shake at the noise of the horsemen, and of the wagons, and of the chariots, when he shall enter into your gates, as men enter into a city in which is made a breach.
so you shall know wisdom to be to your soul; if you have found it, then there will be a reward, your hope will not be cut off.
The labor of the righteous leads to life. The increase of the wicked leads to sin.
Thus says Yahweh: "For three transgressions of Edom, yes, for four, I will not turn away its punishment; because he pursued his brother with the sword, and cast off all pity, and his anger raged continually, and he kept his wrath forever;
You shall fear Yahweh your God; you shall serve him; and you shall cling to him, and you shall swear by his name.
You shall present with the bread seven lambs without blemish a year old, one young bull, and two rams. They shall be a burnt offering to Yahweh, with their meal offering, and their drink offerings, even an offering made by fire, of a sweet aroma to Yahweh.
You shall return and obey the voice of Yahweh, and do all his commandments which I command you this day.
Yet he also is wise, and will bring disaster, and will not call back his words, but will arise against the house of the evildoers, and against the help of those who work iniquity.
They chose new gods. Then war was in the gates. Was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in Israel?
I have remembered your name, Yahweh, in the night, and I obey your law.
The king and Jehoiada gave it to such as did the work of the service of the house of Yahweh; and they hired masons and carpenters to restore the house of Yahweh, and also such as worked iron and brass to repair the house of Yahweh.
The sea is his, and he made it. His hands formed the dry land.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Yahweh came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men built.
"Speak to Aaron, and to his sons, and to all the children of Israel, and say to them: 'This is the thing which Yahweh has commanded,
See now, I have set my cause in order. I know that I am righteous.
They were married into the families of the sons of Manasseh the son of Joseph; and their inheritance remained in the tribe of the family of their father.
I rise before dawn and cry for help. I put my hope in your words.
Dead flies cause the oil of the perfumer to send forth an evil odor; so does a little folly outweigh wisdom and honor.
"'This shall be your north border: from the great sea you shall mark out for you Mount Hor;
He who practices deceit won't dwell within my house. He who speaks falsehood won't be established before my eyes.
Israel, trust in Yahweh! He is their help and their shield.
One went out into the field to gather herbs, and found a wild vine, and gathered of it wild gourds his lap full, and came and shred them into the pot of stew; for they didn't recognize them.
Behold, I will put a spirit in him, and he will hear news, and will return to his own land. I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land."'"
Jeroboam didn't recover strength again in the days of Abijah. Yahweh struck him, and he died.
chief Oholibamah, chief Elah, chief Pinon,
Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man of Kabzeel, who had done mighty deeds, he killed the two sons of Ariel of Moab: he went down also and killed a lion in the midst of a pit in time of snow.
Whoever keeps the commandment shall not come to harm, and his wise heart will know the time and procedure.
Neither is it beyond the sea, that you should say, "Who shall go over the sea for us, and bring it to us, and make us to hear it, that we may do it?"
In all vineyards there will be wailing; for I will pass through the midst of you," says Yahweh.
I thank you, and praise you, you God of my fathers, who have given me wisdom and might, and have now made known to me what we desired of you; for you have made known to us the king's matter.
< < A Song of Ascents. > > In my distress, I cried to Yahweh. He answered me.
For thus says Yahweh, "The whole land shall be a desolation; yet will I not make a full end.
The children of Reuben built Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Kiriathaim,
When they are heated, I will make their feast, and I will make them drunken, that they may rejoice, and sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, says Yahweh.
He took away the foreign gods, and the idol out of the house of Yahweh, and all the altars that he had built in the mountain of the house of Yahweh, and in Jerusalem, and cast them out of the city.
All Israel from Dan even to Beersheba knew that Samuel was established to be a prophet of Yahweh.
They have given the dead bodies of your servants to be food for the birds of the sky, the flesh of your saints to the animals of the earth.
Beyond the Jordan, in the land of Moab, began Moses to declare this law, saying,
His wife the Jewess bore Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Soco, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. These are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, whom Mered took.
Yahweh said to Moses, "Pharaoh won't listen to you, that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt."
however the gold, and the silver, the brass, the iron, the tin, and the lead,
He presented the meal offering, and filled his hand from there, and burned it upon the altar, besides the burnt offering of the morning.
He will cover you with his feathers. Under his wings you will take refuge. His faithfulness is your shield and rampart.
the king of Tappuah, one; the king of Hepher, one;
wine that makes glad the heart of man, oil to make his face to shine, and bread that strengthens man's heart.
and Adoraim, and Lachish, and Azekah,
Go up, you horses; and rage, you chariots; and let the mighty men go forth: Cush and Put, who handle the shield; and the Ludim, who handle and bend the bow.
and Obed-Edom with their brothers, sixty-eight; Obed-Edom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be doorkeepers;
On the top of high places by the way, where the paths meet, she stands.
Bezer in the wilderness, in the plain country, for the Reubenites; and Ramoth in Gilead, for the Gadites; and Golan in Bashan, for the Manassites.
from Mount Hor you shall mark out to the entrance of Hamath; and the goings out of the border shall be at Zedad;
He shall lay his hand on the head of the sin offering, and kill it for a sin offering in the place where they kill the burnt offering.
and that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, "Go out to the mountain, and get olive branches, and branches of wild olive, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written."
and all these blessings shall come on you, and overtake you, if you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God.
Samson called to Yahweh, and said, "Lord Yahweh, remember me, please, and strengthen me, please, only this once, God, that I may be at once avenged of the Philistines for my two eyes."
They came on me in the day of my calamity, but Yahweh was my support.
of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise and be doing, and may Yahweh be with you."
Know this day: for I don't speak with your children who have not known, and who have not seen the chastisement of Yahweh your God, his greatness, his mighty hand, and his outstretched arm,
"Come down, and sit in the dust, virgin daughter of Babylon; sit on the ground without a throne, daughter of the Chaldeans: for you shall no more be called tender and delicate.
"'The daughter of any priest, if she profanes herself by playing the prostitute, she profanes her father: she shall be burned with fire.
Blessed is the man whom you discipline, Yah, and teach out of your law;
The flax and the barley were struck, for the barley was in the ear, and the flax was in bloom.
He who sits on anything whereon the man who has the discharge sat shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
and Zebadiah, and Arad, and Eder,
David said to Achish, "Therefore you shall know what your servant will do." Achish said to David, "Therefore will I make you my bodyguard for ever."
Give no sleep to your eyes, nor slumber to your eyelids.
They took his land in possession, and the land of Og king of Bashan, the two kings of the Amorites, who were beyond the Jordan toward the sunrise;
Now after the death of Jehoiada came the princes of Judah, and made obeisance to the king. Then the king listened to them.
Then the children of Ammon were gathered together, and encamped in Gilead. The children of Israel assembled themselves together, and encamped in Mizpah.
and they shall spread them before the sun, and the moon, and all the army of the sky, which they have loved, and which they have served, and after which they have walked, and which they have sought, and which they have worshiped: they shall not be gathered, nor be buried, they shall be for dung on the surface of the earth.
They took their journey from Elim, and all the congregation of the children of Israel came to the wilderness of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai, on the fifteenth day of the second month after their departing out of the land of Egypt.
I will set my jealousy against you, and they shall deal with you in fury; they shall take away your nose and your ears; and your residue shall fall by the sword: they shall take your sons and your daughters; and your residue shall be devoured by the fire.
Throw out lightning, and scatter them. Send out your arrows, and rout them.
Those of you that escape shall remember me among the nations where they shall be carried captive, how that I have been broken with their lewd heart, which has departed from me, and with their eyes, which play the prostitute after their idols: and they shall loathe themselves in their own sight for the evils which they have committed in all their abominations.
They took the bull which was given them, and they dressed it, and called on the name of Baal from morning even until noon, saying, Baal, hear us. But there was no voice, nor any who answered. They leaped about the altar which was made.
But I will sacrifice to you with the voice of thanksgiving. I will pay that which I have vowed. Salvation belongs to Yahweh."
He had thirty sons who rode on thirty donkey colts, and they had thirty cities, which are called Havvoth Jair to this day, which are in the land of Gilead.
In those days saw I in Judah some men treading winepresses on the Sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and loading donkeys; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all kinds of burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on the Sabbath day: and I testified against them in the day in which they sold food.
For I am Yahweh your God, who stirs up the sea, so that its waves roar: Yahweh of Armies is his name.
For, behold, they lie in wait for my soul. The mighty gather themselves together against me, not for my disobedience, nor for my sin, Yahweh.
The children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and grew exceedingly mighty; and the land was filled with them.
Yahweh God commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden you may freely eat;
If the prophet is deceived and speak a word, I, Yahweh, have deceived that prophet, and I will stretch out my hand on him, and will destroy him from the midst of my people Israel.
The ox knows his owner, and the donkey his master's crib; but Israel doesn't know, my people don't consider."
He divided the three hundred men into three companies, and he put into the hands of all of them trumpets, and empty pitchers, with torches within the pitchers.
This is the service of the families of the sons of the Gershonites in the Tent of Meeting: and their duty shall be under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
They are created now, and not from of old; and before this day you didn't hear them; lest you should say, 'Behold, I knew them.'
Then took Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were with him, all the remnant of the people whom he had recovered from Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, from Mizpah, after that he had killed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the men of war, and the women, and the children, and the eunuchs, whom he had brought back from Gibeon:
But if her husband forbids her in the day that he hears it, then he shall make void her vow which is on her, and the rash utterance of her lips, with which she has bound her soul: and Yahweh will forgive her.
For you will make them turn their back, when you aim drawn bows at their face.
The sons of Kohath: Amram, Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.
The other woman said, "No; but the living is my son, and the dead is your son." This said, "No; but the dead is your son, and the living is my son." Thus they spoke before the king.
They made his grave with the wicked, and with a rich man in his death; although he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth.
Your country is desolate. Your cities are burned with fire. Strangers devour your land in your presence, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers.
Our livestock also shall go with us. Not a hoof shall be left behind, for of it we must take to serve Yahweh our God; and we don't know with what we must serve Yahweh, until we come there."
On the wicked he will rain blazing coals; fire, sulfur, and scorching wind shall be the portion of their cup.
Kain, Gibeah, and Timnah; ten cities with their villages.
"For I know their works and their thoughts: the time comes, that I will gather all nations and languages; and they shall come, and shall see my glory.
Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near to him.
So there went one on horseback to meet him, and said, "Thus says the king, 'Is it peace?'" Jehu said, "What do you have to do with peace? Fall in behind me!" The watchman said, "The messenger came to them, but he isn't coming back."
Therefore will I also uncover your skirts on your face, and your shame shall appear.
Behold, the servants of David and Joab came from a foray, and brought in a great spoil with them: but Abner was not with David in Hebron; for he had sent him away, and he was gone in peace.
Saul said to Ahijah, "Bring the ark of God here." For the ark of God was with the children of Israel at that time.
You shall speak to the children of Israel, saying, 'This shall be a holy anointing oil to me throughout your generations.
When you sit to eat with a ruler, consider diligently what is before you;
They came back to him, while he stayed at Jericho; and he said to them, "Didn't I tell you, 'Don't go?'"
I said, 'I have been banished from your sight; yet I will look again toward your holy temple.'
The king of Babylon struck them, and put them to death at Riblah in the land of Hamath. So Judah was carried away captive out of his land.
He took up his parable, and said, "Alas, who shall live when God does this?
Zadok therefore and Abiathar carried the ark of God again to Jerusalem; and they stayed there.
Hide your face from my sins, and blot out all of my iniquities.
Why do you glory in the valleys, your flowing valley, backsliding daughter? who trusted in her treasures, saying, Who shall come to me?
He destroyed their vines with hail, their sycamore fig trees with frost.
You shall prepare you the way, and divide the borders of your land, which Yahweh your God causes you to inherit, into three parts, that every manslayer may flee there.
He will bless those who fear Yahweh, both small and great.
He did this in the cities of Manasseh and Ephraim and Simeon, even to Naphtali, around in their ruins.
It happened at the time of the offering of the offering, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, "Yahweh, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that you are God in Israel, and that I am your servant, and that I have done all these things at your word.
Her priests I will also clothe with salvation. Her saints will shout aloud for joy.
What man is there who has planted a vineyard, and has not used its fruit? Let him go and return to his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man use its fruit.
He gave a sign the same day, saying, "This is the sign which Yahweh has spoken: Behold, the altar will be split apart, and the ashes that are on it will be poured out."
Ephraim has bitterly provoked anger. Therefore his blood will be left on him, and his Lord will repay his contempt.
Our pursuers are on our necks: We are weary, and have no rest.
But the Levites who went far from me, when Israel went astray, who went astray from me after their idols, they shall bear their iniquity.
He says in his heart, "I shall not be shaken. For generations I shall have no trouble."
It happened, when the Philistine arose, and came and drew near to meet David, that David hurried, and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine.
The king talked with them; and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: therefore stood they before the king.
You shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the blood that is in the basin, and strike the lintel and the two doorposts with the blood that is in the basin; and none of you shall go out of the door of his house until the morning.
the altar of burnt offering, with its grating of brass, it poles, and all its vessels, the basin and its base;
a land in which you shall eat bread without scarceness, you shall not lack anything in it; a land whose stones are iron, and out of whose hills you may dig copper.
Edom, and Moab, and the children of Ammon;
besides that which the traders brought, and the traffic of the merchants, and of all the kings of the mixed people, and of the governors of the country.
God dealt well with the midwives, and the people multiplied, and grew very mighty.
So all the men of Israel went up from following David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri; but the men of Judah joined with their king, from the Jordan even to Jerusalem.
The four wheels were underneath the panels; and the axles of the wheels were in the base: and the height of a wheel was a cubit and half a cubit.
When these went into Micah's house, and fetched the engraved image, the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image, the priest said to them, "What are you doing?"
The king of Egypt deposed him at Jerusalem, and fined the land one hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold.
Oh give thanks to Yahweh, for he is good, for his loving kindness endures forever.
He said to them, "Follow me; for Yahweh has delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand." They followed him, and took the fords of the Jordan against the Moabites, and didn't allow any man to pass over.
and Ishpan, and Eber, and Eliel,
and the fourth row a chrysolite, an onyx, and a jasper: they shall be enclosed in gold in their settings.
"'You shall mark out your east border from Hazar Enan to Shepham;
He took him into the field of Zophim, to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
Of Dan he said, "Dan is a lion's cub that leaps out of Bashan."
He said also to me, You shall again see yet other great abominations which they do.
For it happened, when the flame went up toward the sky from off the altar, that the angel of Yahweh ascended in the flame of the altar: and Manoah and his wife looked on; and they fell on their faces to the ground.
He said to his boy, "Run, find now the arrows which I shoot." As the boy ran, he shot an arrow beyond him.
Give me my wives and my children for whom I have served you, and let me go; for you know my service with which I have served you."
The messenger who went to call Micaiah spoke to him, saying, "See now, the prophets declare good to the king with one mouth. Please let your word be like the word of one of them, and speak good."
The children of Pashhur, one thousand two hundred forty-seven.
They worked the onyx stones, enclosed in settings of gold, engraved with the engravings of a signet, according to the names of the children of Israel.
The sons of Ham: Cush, Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.
In that day the beautiful virgins and the young men will faint for thirst.
"These are the names of the men who shall divide the land to you for inheritance: Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun.
If you are wise, you are wise for yourself. If you mock, you alone will bear it.
and Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphelet.
They have set up kings, but not by me. They have made princes, and I didn't approve. Of their silver and their gold they have made themselves idols, that they may be cut off.
Speak and say, 'Thus says the Lord Yahweh: "Behold, I am against you, Pharaoh king of Egypt, the great monster that lies in the midst of his rivers, that has said, 'My river is my own, and I have made it for myself.'
Sing to him, sing praises to him! Tell of all his marvelous works.
Moses did as Yahweh commanded: and they went up into Mount Hor in the sight of all the congregation.
You have ended his splendor, and thrown his throne down to the ground.
Then David and his men, who were about six hundred, arose and departed out of Keilah, and went wherever they could go. It was told Saul that David was escaped from Keilah; and he gave up going there.
Methuselah lived after he became the father of Lamech seven hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of sons and daughters.
Come, and see God's deeds-- awesome work on behalf of the children of men.
Now therefore, please pardon my sin, and turn again with me, that I may worship Yahweh."
I broke the jaws of the unrighteous, and plucked the prey out of his teeth.
Arise therefore, and go to your house. When your feet enter into the city, the child shall die.
and Aaron shall offer the Levites before Yahweh for a wave offering, on the behalf of the children of Israel, that it may be theirs to do the service of Yahweh.
Yes, Yahweh will give that which is good. Our land will yield its increase.
"Teach me, and I will hold my peace. Cause me to understand wherein I have erred.
Of Simeon: Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.
He made it of a talent of pure gold, with all its vessels.
Make the heart of this people fat. Make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and turn again, and be healed."
She named him Joseph, saying, "May Yahweh add another son to me."
The sons of Rachel, Jacob's wife: Joseph and Benjamin.
Ornan said to David, "Take it for yourself, and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes. Behold, I give the oxen for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meal offering. I give it all."
He who troubles his own house shall inherit the wind. The foolish shall be servant to the wise of heart.
But Nadab and Abihu died before their father, and had no children: therefore Eleazar and Ithamar executed the priest's office.
Behold, when it was whole, it was meet for no work: how much less, when the fire has devoured it, and it is burned, shall it yet be meet for any work!
When you go forth in camp against your enemies, then you shall keep yourselves from every evil thing.
It was so, when Elijah heard it, that he wrapped his face in his mantle, and went out, and stood in the entrance of the cave. Behold, a voice came to him, and said, "What are you doing here, Elijah?"
They said, "Come, let's build ourselves a city, and a tower whose top reaches to the sky, and let's make ourselves a name, lest we be scattered abroad on the surface of the whole earth."
Behold, I am toward God even as you are. I am also formed out of the clay.
My tears have been my food day and night, while they continually ask me, "Where is your God?"
Yes, he would have allured you out of distress, into a broad place, where there is no restriction. That which is set on your table would be full of fatness.
A room with its door was by the posts at the gates; there they washed the burnt offering.
He said, "Please show me your glory."
In the uppermost basket there was all kinds of baked food for Pharaoh, and the birds ate them out of the basket on my head."
but its innards and its legs he shall wash with water. The priest shall burn the whole on the altar, for a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a pleasant aroma to Yahweh.
Samuel said to the people, "It is Yahweh who appointed Moses and Aaron, and that brought your fathers up out of the land of Egypt.
Yahweh said, "Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous,
What if there will lack five of the fifty righteous? Will you destroy all the city for lack of five?" He said, "I will not destroy it, if I find forty-five there."
"How long will you torment me, and crush me with words?
They will walk after Yahweh, who will roar like a lion; for he will roar, and the children will come trembling from the west.
When Phinehas the priest, and the princes of the congregation, even the heads of the thousands of Israel that were with him, heard the words that the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh spoke, it pleased them well.
He made its seven lamps, and its snuffers, and its snuff dishes, of pure gold.
Now therefore divide this land for an inheritance to the nine tribes and the half-tribe of Manasseh."
Isn't it to distribute your bread to the hungry, and that you bring the poor who are cast out to your house? When you see the naked, that you cover him; and that you not hide yourself from your own flesh?
"Command the children of Israel, that they bring to you pure olive oil beaten for the light, to cause a lamp to burn continually.
"'On the eighth day you shall have a solemn assembly: you shall do no servile work;
Then they hurried, and each man took his sack down to the ground, and each man opened his sack.
They won't pour out wine offerings to Yahweh, neither will they be pleasing to him. Their sacrifices will be to them like the bread of mourners; all who eat of it will be polluted; for their bread will be for their appetite. It will not come into the house of Yahweh.
Both of them revealed themselves to the garrison of the Philistines: and the Philistines said, "Behold, the Hebrews are coming out of the holes where they had hidden themselves!"
< < For the Chief Musician. By David, the servant of Yahweh. > > An oracle is within my heart about the disobedience of the wicked: "There is no fear of God before his eyes."
For your Maker is your husband; Yahweh of Armies is his name: and the Holy One of Israel is your Redeemer; the God of the whole earth shall he be called.
the children of Jaalah, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,
As vinegar to the teeth, and as smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to those who send him.
Their deeds won't allow them to turn to their God; for the spirit of prostitution is within them, and they don't know Yahweh.
Rise up, you women who are at ease! Hear my voice! You careless daughters, give ear to my speech!
The shekel shall be twenty gerahs. Twenty shekels plus twenty-five shekels plus fifteen shekels shall be your mina.
by your wisdom and by your understanding you have gotten yourself riches, and have gotten gold and silver into your treasures;
Behold, their prosperity is not in their hand. The counsel of the wicked is far from me.
Ahab came into his house sullen and angry because of the word which Naboth the Jezreelite had spoken to him; for he had said, "I will not give you the inheritance of my fathers." He laid himself down on his bed, and turned away his face, and would eat no bread.
Look to Abraham your father, and to Sarah who bore you; for when he was but one I called him, and I blessed him, and made him many.
Awake, awake, put on strength, arm of Yahweh; awake, as in the days of old, the generations of ancient times. Isn't it you who cut Rahab in pieces, who pierced the monster?
The children of Benjamin went out against the people, and were drawn away from the city; and they began to strike and kill of the people, as at other times, in the highways, of which one goes up to Bethel, and the other to Gibeah, in the field, about thirty men of Israel.
Take your father and your households, and come to me, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and you will eat the fat of the land.'
"Woe to you who desire the day of Yahweh! Why do you long for the day of Yahweh? It is darkness, and not light.
To the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of refuge, Hebron; Libnah also with its suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa with its suburbs,
Three times in the year all your males shall appear before the Lord Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Moses spoke so to the children of Israel, but they didn't listen to Moses for anguish of spirit, and for cruel bondage.
< < A Song of Ascents. > > Blessed is everyone who fears Yahweh, who walks in his ways.
He said, "Bring the mantle that is on you, and hold it." She held it; and he measured six measures of barley, and laid it on her; and he went into the city.
For thus says Yahweh, Your hurt is incurable, and your wound grievous.
Therefore they asked of Yahweh further, "Is there yet a man to come here?" Yahweh answered, "Behold, he has hidden himself among the baggage."
"Moreover concerning the foreigner, who is not of your people Israel, when he shall come out of a far country for your name's sake
So they went away from the tent of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, on every side: and Dathan and Abiram came out, and stood at the door of their tents, and their wives, and their sons, and their little ones.
They said to him, "We have come down to bind you, that we may deliver you into the hand of the Philistines." Samson said to them, "Swear to me that you will not fall on me yourselves."
Balak sacrificed cattle and sheep, and sent to Balaam, and to the princes who were with him.
They said, "Your servant, our father, is well. He is still alive." They bowed down humbly.
David answered the priest, and said to him, "Truly, women have been kept from us about these three days. When I came out, the vessels of the young men were holy, though it was but a common journey. How much more then today shall their vessels be holy?"
Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a disgrace to any people.
because they have done that which is evil in my sight, and have provoked me to anger, since the day their fathers came forth out of Egypt, even to this day.'"
He died in a good old age, full of days, riches, and honor: and Solomon his son reigned in his place.
"What is the way to the dwelling of light? As for darkness, where is its place,
David spoke to Yahweh when he saw the angel who struck the people, and said, "Behold, I have sinned, and I have done perversely; but these sheep, what have they done? Please let your hand be against me, and against my father's house."
if only you diligently listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, to observe to do all this commandment which I command you this day.
As for me, I said in my haste, "I am cut off from before your eyes." Nevertheless you heard the voice of my petitions when I cried to you.
He shall bring it to Aaron's sons, the priests; and he shall take his handful of its fine flour, and of its oil, with all its frankincense; and the priest shall burn its memorial on the altar, an offering made by fire, of a pleasant aroma to Yahweh.
Aijalon with its suburbs, Gath Rimmon with its suburbs; four cities.
Oh how great is your goodness, which you have laid up for those who fear you, which you have worked for those who take refuge in you, before the sons of men!
But our God is in the heavens. He does whatever he pleases.
One male goat for a sin offering to Yahweh; it shall be offered besides the continual burnt offering, and the drink offering of it.
so that none of the remnant of Judah, who have gone into the land of Egypt to live there, shall escape or be left, to return into the land of Judah, to which they have a desire to return to dwell there: for none shall return save such as shall escape.
As for my people, children are their oppressors, and women rule over them. My people, those who lead you cause you to err, and destroy the way of your paths.
He fell on his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept, and Benjamin wept on his neck.
Hear the voice of my petitions, when I cry to you, when I lift up my hands toward your Most Holy Place.
Again it happened on the day when the God's sons came to present themselves before Yahweh, that Satan came also among them to present himself before Yahweh.
But when David saw that his servants were whispering together, David perceived that the child was dead; and David said to his servants, "Is the child dead?" They said, "He is dead."
May all my enemies be ashamed and dismayed. They shall turn back, they shall be disgraced suddenly.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and cedar trees, and carpenters, and masons; and they built David a house.
As for your terror, the pride of your heart has deceived you, O you who dwell in the clefts of the rock, who hold the height of the hill: though you should make your nest as high as the eagle, I will bring you down from there, says Yahweh.
How can I myself alone bear your encumbrance, and your burden, and your strife?
Thus says Yahweh: If heaven above can be measured, and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath, then will I also cast off all the seed of Israel for all that they have done, says Yahweh.
Behold, the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, will lop the boughs with terror. The tall will be cut down, and the lofty will be brought low.
Then the children of Israel removed the Baals and the Ashtaroth, and served Yahweh only.
Commit your way to Yahweh. Trust also in him, and he will do this:
Therefore I will bring the worst of the nations, and they shall possess their houses: I will also make the pride of the strong to cease; and their holy places shall be profaned.
and Salmon became the father of Boaz, and Boaz became the father of Obed,
Of Levi he said, "Your Thummim and your Urim are with your godly one, whom you proved at Massah, with whom you strove at the waters of Meribah;
I am my beloved's. His desire is toward me.
You may make them an inheritance for your children after you, to hold for a possession; of them may you take your slaves forever: but over your brothers the children of Israel you shall not rule, one over another, with harshness.
So Abijah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David; and Asa his son reigned in his place. In his days the land was quiet ten years.
that the manslayer who kills any person accidentally or unintentionally may flee there. They shall be to you for a refuge from the avenger of blood.
The king of Jericho sent to Rahab, saying, "Bring out the men who have come to you, who have entered into your house; for they have come to spy out all the land."
Hear therefore the word of Yahweh, all you of the captivity, whom I have sent away from Jerusalem to Babylon.
He gave them the lands of the nations. They took the labor of the peoples in possession,
Then Yahweh said to me, The prophets prophesy lies in my name; I didn't send them, neither have I commanded them, neither spoke I to them: they prophesy to you a lying vision, and divination, and a thing of nothing, and the deceit of their own heart.
It shall be, if they refuse to take the cup at your hand to drink, then you shall tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies: You shall surely drink.
After him, Baruch the son of Zabbai earnestly repaired another portion, from the turning of the wall to the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest.
He said, "I am Abraham's servant.
But Yahweh said to David my father, 'Whereas it was in your heart to build a house for my name, you did well that it was in your heart.
Ner became the father of Kish; and Kish became the father of Saul; and Saul became the father of Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
He has brought on them their own iniquity, and will cut them off in their own wickedness. Yahweh, our God, will cut them off.
When I saw that you didn't save me, I put my life in my hand, and passed over against the children of Ammon, and Yahweh delivered them into my hand. Why then have you come up to me this day, to fight against me?"
You also multiplied their children as the stars of the sky, and brought them into the land concerning which you said to their fathers, that they should go in to possess it.
For Judah prevailed above his brothers, and of him came the prince; but the birthright was Joseph's:)
He brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's daughter; for she had neither father nor mother. The maiden was fair and beautiful; and when her father and mother were dead, Mordecai took her for his own daughter.
Jeremiah said, The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Behold, I will stir them up out of the place where you have sold them, and will return your repayment on your own head;
< < A Song of Ascents. > > Many times they have afflicted me from my youth up. Let Israel now say,
The breadth of the court on the east side eastward shall be fifty cubits.
the son of Ethan, the son of Zimmah, the son of Shimei,
Therefore her young men shall fall in her streets, and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day, says Yahweh of Armies.
Why does a living man complain, a man for the punishment of his sins?
that you may remember and do all my commandments, and be holy to your God.
The Lord said, "Because this people draws near with their mouth and with their lips to honor me, but they have removed their heart far from me, and their fear of me is a commandment of men which has been taught;
He left that place, and dug another well. They didn't argue over that one. He called it Rehoboth. He said, "For now Yahweh has made room for us, and we will be fruitful in the land."
for Yahweh your God walks in the midst of your camp, to deliver you, and to give up your enemies before you; therefore your camp shall be holy, that he may not see an unclean thing in you, and turn away from you.
Shema became the father of Raham, the father of Jorkeam; and Rekem became the father of Shammai.
"As God lives, who has taken away my right, the Almighty, who has made my soul bitter.
One has committed abomination with his neighbor's wife; and another has lewdly defiled his daughter-in-law; and another in you has humbled his sister, his father's daughter.
that they may know from the rising of the sun, and from the west, that there is none besides me. I am Yahweh, and there is no one else.
You have exalted the right hand of his adversaries. You have made all of his enemies rejoice.
Shaul died, and Baal Hanan, the son of Achbor reigned in his place.
Amasa lay wallowing in his blood in the midst of the highway. When the man saw that all the people stood still, he carried Amasa out of the highway into the field, and cast a garment over him, when he saw that everyone who came by him stood still.
Moses diligently inquired about the goat of the sin offering, and, behold, it was burned: and he was angry with Eleazar and with Ithamar, the sons of Aaron who were left, saying,
Now, behold, we are in your hand. Do to us as it seems good and right to you to do."
Your covenant with death shall be annulled, and your agreement with Sheol shall not stand. When the overflowing scourge passes through, then you will be trampled down by it.
You have heard their reproach, Yahweh, and all their devices against me,
"Do you think this to be your right, or do you say, 'My righteousness is more than God's,'
A sound of terrors is in his ears. In prosperity the destroyer shall come on him.
"Before she travailed, she brought forth; before her pain came, she delivered a son.
Yahweh reigns! Let the peoples tremble. He sits enthroned among the cherubim. Let the earth be moved.
Therefore I said, "Look away from me. I will weep bitterly. Don't labor to comfort me for the destruction of the daughter of my people.
In that day, I will punish all those who leap over the threshold, who fill their master's house with violence and deceit.
"Stolen water is sweet. Food eaten in secret is pleasant."
The capitals that were on the top of the pillars in the porch were of lily work, four cubits.
David longed, and said, "Oh that one would give me water to drink of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate!"
Nevertheless the men rowed hard to get them back to the land; but they could not, for the sea grew more and more stormy against them.
I will also judge that nation, whom they will serve. Afterward they will come out with great wealth,
Seek the peace of the city where I have caused you to be carried away captive, and pray to Yahweh for it; for in its peace you shall have peace.
Harness the horses, and get up, you horsemen, and stand forth with your helmets; furbish the spears, put on the coats of mail.
With persuasive words, she led him astray. With the flattering of her lips, she seduced him.
and Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth.
You shall eat no leavened bread with it. You shall eat unleavened bread with it seven days, even the bread of affliction; for you came forth out of the land of Egypt in haste: that you may remember the day when you came forth out of the land of Egypt all the days of your life.
The son of Shammai was Maon; and Maon was the father of Beth Zur.
But there was a strong tower within the city, and there fled all the men and women, and all they of the city, and shut themselves in, and went up to the roof of the tower.
Jonathan struck the garrison of the Philistines that was in Geba: and the Philistines heard of it. Saul blew the trumpet throughout all the land, saying, "Let the Hebrews hear!"
They said, "We, your servants, are twelve brothers, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan; and behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is no more."
Yahweh said to Moses, "Take all the chiefs of the people, and hang them up to Yahweh before the sun, that the fierce anger of Yahweh may turn away from Israel."
You shall not bring an abomination into your house, and become a devoted thing like it. You shall utterly detest it, and you shall utterly abhor it; for it is a devoted thing.
The men of Israel turned again on the children of Benjamin, and struck them with the edge of the sword, both the entire city, and the livestock, and all that they found: moreover all the cities which they found they set on fire.
therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh, Behold, I am against you, Tyre, and will cause many nations to come up against you, as the sea causes its waves to come up.
Mattithiah, one of the Levites, who was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite, had the office of trust over the things that were baked in pans.
Of the tribe of Ephraim, Hoshea the son of Nun.
Behold, my terror shall not make you afraid, neither shall my pressure be heavy on you.
He made a screen for the door of the tent, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, the work of an embroiderer;
behold, you are wiser than Daniel; there is no secret that is hidden from you;
Set a wicked man over him. Let an adversary stand at his right hand.
"Get up! Sanctify the people, and say, 'Sanctify yourselves for tomorrow, for Yahweh, the God of Israel, says, "There is a devoted thing in the midst of you, Israel. You cannot stand before your enemies until you take away the devoted thing from among you."
and he made him king over Gilead, and over the Ashurites, and over Jezreel, and over Ephraim, and over Benjamin, and over all Israel.
He said, "Now also let it be according to your words: he with whom it is found will be my bondservant; and you will be blameless."
All the sons of Perez who lived in Jerusalem were four hundred sixty-eight valiant men.
< < By David. > > Don't fret because of evildoers, neither be envious against those who work unrighteousness.
< < For the Chief Musician. By the sons of Korah. According to Alamoth.Alamoth is a musical term. > > God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
you shall surely strike the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein and its livestock, with the edge of the sword.
Whenever any controversy shall come to you from your brothers who dwell in their cities, between blood and blood, between law and commandment, statutes and ordinances, you shall warn them, that they not be guilty towards Yahweh, and so wrath come on you and on your brothers. Do this, and you shall not be guilty.
Let their habitation be desolate. Let no one dwell in their tents.
Your righteousness is an everlasting righteousness. Your law is truth.
The calamity of Moab is near to come, and his affliction hurries fast.
How do you say, We are mighty men, and valiant men for the war?
and Joiada became the father of Jonathan, and Jonathan became the father of Jaddua.
"Now my days are swifter than a runner. They flee away, they see no good,
He took a yoke of oxen, and cut them in pieces, and sent them throughout all the borders of Israel by the hand of messengers, saying, "Whoever doesn't come forth after Saul and after Samuel, so shall it be done to his oxen." The dread of Yahweh fell on the people, and they came out as one man.
They took the two princes of Midian, Oreb and Zeeb; and they killed Oreb at the rock of Oreb, and Zeeb they killed at the winepress of Zeeb, and pursued Midian: and they brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon beyond the Jordan.
Every prudent man acts from knowledge, but a fool exposes folly.
After him, the priests, the men of the Plain made repairs.
For these two years the famine has been in the land, and there are yet five years, in which there will be neither plowing nor harvest.
Then the Spirit of Yahweh came on Jephthah, and he passed over Gilead and Manasseh, and passed over Mizpeh of Gilead, and from Mizpeh of Gilead he passed over to the children of Ammon.
He who has pity on the poor lends to Yahweh; he will reward him.
Can your heart endure, or can your hands be strong, in the days that I shall deal with you? I, Yahweh, have spoken it, and will do it.
"Enlarge the place of your tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of your habitations; don't spare: lengthen your cords, and strengthen your stakes.
All this has come on us, yet have we not forgotten you, Neither have we been false to your covenant.
that you have built for yourselves a vaulted place, and have made yourselves a lofty place in every street.
Joab sent messengers to David, and said, "I have fought against Rabbah. Yes, I have taken the city of waters.
"Will the Lord reject us forever? Will he be favorable no more?
Zion heard and was glad. The daughters of Judah rejoiced, because of your judgments, Yahweh.
For the length of the rooms that were in the outer court was fifty cubits: and behold, before the temple were one hundred cubits.
The sons of Merari by their families: Mahli and Mushi. These are the families of the Levites according to their fathers' houses.
even the darkness doesn't hide from you, but the night shines as the day. The darkness is like light to you.
Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.
when the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion, and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from its midst, by the spirit of justice, and by the spirit of burning.
The altar hearth shall be twelve [cubits] long by twelve broad, square in the four sides of it.
Make us glad for as many days as you have afflicted us, for as many years as we have seen evil.
Stand in awe, and don't sin. Search your own heart on your bed, and be still. Selah.
Then she arose with her daughters-in-law, that she might return from the country of Moab: for she had heard in the country of Moab how that Yahweh had visited his people in giving them bread.
Asa had an army that bore bucklers and spears, out of Judah three hundred thousand; and out of Benjamin, that bore shields and drew bows, two hundred eighty thousand: all these were mighty men of valor.
Yahweh upholds the humble. He brings the wicked down to the ground.
He has torn me in his wrath, and persecuted me. He has gnashed on me with his teeth. My adversary sharpens his eyes on me.
He turned away from him toward another, and spoke like that again; and the people answered him again the same way.
Whether it is a cow or ewe, you shall not kill it and its young both in one day.
Daniel requested of the king, and he appointed Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, over the affairs of the province of Babylon: but Daniel was in the gate of the king.
Give heed to me, Yahweh, and listen to the voice of those who contend with me.
Then I said, "Ah, Lord Yahweh! Behold, I don't know how to speak; for I am a child."
She will be visited by Yahweh of Armies with thunder, with earthquake, with great noise, with whirlwind and storm, and with the flame of a devouring fire.
The increase of his house shall depart. They shall rush away in the day of his wrath.
First, the standard of the camp of the children of Judah went forward according to their armies. Nahshon the son of Amminadab was over his army.
The lodges of the gate eastward were three on this side, and three on that side; they three were of one measure: and the posts had one measure on this side and on that side.
I will lay your cities waste, and you shall be desolate; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
He gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests and the Levites.
In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius, the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, the prophet, saying,
Because the sons of Jonadab the son of Rechab have performed the commandment of their father which he commanded them, but this people has not listened to me;
There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job. That man was blameless and upright, and one who feared God , and turned away from evil.
They stood in the midst of the plot, and defended it, and killed the Philistines; and Yahweh saved them by a great victory.
Yahweh will save me. Therefore we will sing my songs with stringed instruments all the days of our life in the house of Yahweh.
Bring no more vain offerings. Incense is an abomination to me; new moons, Sabbaths, and convocations: I can't bear with evil assemblies.
Of Gad he said, "He who enlarges Gad is blessed. He dwells as a lioness, and tears the arm, yes, the crown of the head.
Asa and the people who were with him pursued them to Gerar: and there fell of the Ethiopians so many that they could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before Yahweh, and before his army; and they carried away very much booty.
I will save you from all your uncleanness: and I will call for the grain, and will multiply it, and lay no famine on you.
One will devour on the right hand, and be hungry; and he will eat on the left hand, and they will not be satisfied. Everyone will eat the flesh of his own arm:
But the word of God came to Shemaiah the man of God, saying,
He has filled them with wisdom of heart, to work all kinds of workmanship, of the engraver, of the skillful workman, and of the embroiderer, in blue, in purple, in scarlet, and in fine linen, and of the weaver, even of those who do any workmanship, and of those who make skillful works.
The priests brought in the ark of the covenant of Yahweh to its place, into the oracle of the house, to the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubim.
The Egyptians shall know that I am Yahweh, when I stretch out my hand on Egypt, and bring out the children of Israel from among them."
A grievous vision is declared to me. The treacherous man deals treacherously, and the destroyer destroys. Go up, Elam; attack! I have stopped all of Media's sighing.
for the precious things of the earth and its fullness, the good will of him who lived in the bush . Let this come on the head of Joseph, on the crown of the head of him who was separate from his brothers.
(Now the children of Benjamin heard that the children of Israel had gone up to Mizpah.) The children of Israel said, "Tell us, how did this wickedness happen?"
"You shall bring the first of the first fruits of your ground to the house of Yahweh your God. "You shall not boil a young goat in its mother's milk."
The children of the Levites bore the ark of God on their shoulders with the poles thereon, as Moses commanded according to the word of Yahweh.
when they were but a few men in number, yes, very few, and foreigners in it.
Only don't rebel against Yahweh, neither fear the people of the land; for they are bread for us: their defense is removed from over them, and Yahweh is with us. Don't fear them."
You shall set up the tabernacle according to the way that it was shown to you on the mountain.
There was evening and there was morning, a fourth day.
"Look among the nations, watch, and wonder marvelously; for I am working a work in your days, which you will not believe though it is told you.
Three times in a year shall all your males appear before Yahweh your God in the place which he shall choose: in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tents; and they shall not appear before Yahweh empty:
The priest shall offer one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, and make atonement for him, because he sinned by reason of the dead, and shall make his head holy that same day.
He called the name of the first, Jemimah; and the name of the second, Keziah; and the name of the third, Keren Happuch.
The fear of Yahweh fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around Judah, so that they made no war against Jehoshaphat.
"I will not keep silence concerning his limbs, nor his mighty strength, nor his goodly frame.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Then Micah said, "Now know I that Yahweh will do good to me, since I have a Levite to my priest."
Jacob saw the expression on Laban's face, and, behold, it was not toward him as before.
"'Don't turn to idols, nor make molten gods for yourselves. I am Yahweh your God.
It is not good to eat much honey; nor is it honorable to seek one's own honor.
Through your precepts, I get understanding; therefore I hate every false way.
Yahweh is a jealous God and avenges. Yahweh avenges and is full of wrath. Yahweh takes vengeance on his adversaries, and he maintains wrath against his enemies.
Joab fell to the ground on his face, showed respect, and blessed the king. Joab said, "Today your servant knows that I have found favor in your sight, my lord, king, in that the king has performed the request of his servant."
the hand mirrors, the fine linen garments, the tiaras, and the shawls.
Ehud came to him; and he was sitting by himself alone in the cool upper room. Ehud said, "I have a message from God to you." He arose out of his seat.
The days of Isaac were one hundred eighty years.
Someone went in, and told his lord, saying, "The maiden who is from the land of Israel said this."
< < For the Chief Musician. To the tune of "Mahalath." A contemplation by David. > > The fool has said in his heart, "There is no God." They are corrupt, and have done abominable iniquity. There is no one who does good.
Every city flees for the noise of the horsemen and archers; they go into the thickets, and climb up on the rocks: every city is forsaken, and not a man dwells therein.
There were none of the Anakim left in the land of the children of Israel. Only in Gaza, in Gath, and in Ashdod, did some remain.
Then the magicians said to Pharaoh, "This is the finger of God:" and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he didn't listen to them; as Yahweh had spoken.
However, if the land of your possession is unclean, then pass over to the land of the possession of Yahweh, in which Yahweh's tabernacle dwells, and take possession among us; but don't rebel against Yahweh, nor rebel against us, in building an altar other than the altar of Yahweh our God.
and said to Jeremiah the prophet, Please let our supplication be presented before you, and pray for us to Yahweh your God, even for all this remnant; for we are left but a few of many, as your eyes do see us:
The children of Elam, one thousand two hundred fifty-four.
Then he measured the wall of the house, six cubits; and the breadth of every side room, four cubits, all around the house on every side.
Because you are sent of the king and his seven counselors, to inquire concerning Judah and Jerusalem, according to the law of your God which is in your hand,
She fastened it with the pin, and said to him, "The Philistines are on you, Samson!" He awakened out of his sleep, and plucked away the pin of the beam, and the web.
Let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the beautiful young virgins to the citadel of Susa, to the women's house, to the custody of Hegai the king's eunuch, keeper of the women. Let cosmetics be given them;
The city is left in desolation, and the gate is struck with destruction.
Abimelech said to Abraham, "What do these seven ewe lambs which you have set by themselves mean?"
These are the families of Levi: the family of the Libnites, the family of the Hebronites, the family of the Mahlites, the family of the Mushites, the family of the Korahites. Kohath became the father of Amram.
The woman conceived, and bore a son at that season, when the time came around, as Elisha had said to her.
Therefore behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that they shall no more say, As Yahweh lives, who brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;
I commanded Baruch before them, saying,
Yahweh alone led him. There was no foreign god with him.
A man of God came to him, saying, "O king, don't let the army of Israel go with you; for Yahweh is not with Israel, with all the children of Ephraim.
"Now therefore send me a man skillful to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass, and in iron, and in purple, and crimson, and blue, and who knows how to engrave engravings, to be with the skillful men who are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem, whom David my father provided.
My flesh and my skin has he made old; he has broken my bones.
therefore will I cast you forth out of this land into the land that you have not known, neither you nor your fathers; and there you shall serve other gods day and night; for I will show you no favor.
David said to Michal, "It was before Yahweh, who chose me above your father, and above all his house, to appoint me prince over the people of Yahweh, over Israel. Therefore will I celebrate before Yahweh.
I will be his father, and he shall be my son. If he commits iniquity, I will chasten him with the rod of men, and with the stripes of the children of men;
Many waters can't quench love, neither can floods drown it. If a man would give all the wealth of his house for love, he would be utterly scorned. Friends
David said to Abiathar the priest, the son of Ahimelech, "Please bring me here the ephod." Abiathar brought the ephod to David.
"Because Manasseh king of Judah has done these abominations, and has done wickedly above all that the Amorites did, who were before him, and has made Judah also to sin with his idols;
the son of Amariah, the son of Azariah, the son of Meraioth,
I will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have worked, in that they are turned to other gods.
The children of Azgad, two thousand three hundred twenty-two.
All the words of my mouth are in righteousness. There is nothing crooked or perverse in them.
The side rooms were broader as they encompassed [the house] higher and higher; for the encompassing of the house went higher and higher around the house: therefore the breadth of the house [continued] upward; and so one went up [from] the lowest [room] to the highest by the middle [room].
For Yahweh Most High is awesome. He is a great King over all the earth.
Why is my pain perpetual, and my wound incurable, which refuses to be healed? Will you indeed be to me as a deceitful brook, as waters that fail?
Now the Hebrews who were with the Philistines as before, and who went up with them into the camp, from all around, even they also turned to be with the Israelites who were with Saul and Jonathan.
God said, "Let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years;
We took all his cities at that time; there was not a city which we didn't take from them; sixty cities, all the region of Argob, the kingdom of Og in Bashan.
you shall furnish him liberally out of your flock, and out of your threshing floor, and out of your winepress; as Yahweh your God has blessed you, you shall give to him.
then I was the craftsman by his side. I was a delight day by day, always rejoicing before him,
< < For the Chief Musician. By David. > > The fool has said in his heart, "There is no God." They are corrupt. They have done abominable works. There is none who does good.
for their hearts plot violence, and their lips talk about mischief.
Light dawns in the darkness for the upright, gracious, merciful, and righteous.
The desire of the righteous is only good. The expectation of the wicked is wrath.
The young man who told him said, "As I happened by chance on Mount Gilboa, behold, Saul was leaning on his spear; and behold, the chariots and the horsemen followed hard after him.
Honor your covenant, for haunts of violence fill the dark places of the earth.
The king of Israel went to his house sullen and angry, and came to Samaria.
You have feared the sword; and I will bring the sword on you, says the Lord Yahweh.
but to the lady you shall do nothing; there is in the lady no sin worthy of death: for as when a man rises against his neighbor, and kills him, even so is this matter;
The king lamented for Abner, and said, "Should Abner die as a fool dies?
There is Meshech, Tubal, and all their multitude; their graves are around them; all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword; for they caused their terror in the land of the living.
Behold, I will stir up the Medes against them, who will not value silver, and as for gold, they will not delight in it.
They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness.
Yah is my strength and song. He has become my salvation. This is my God, and I will praise him; my father's God, and I will exalt him.
The name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail; and she bore him Ahban, and Molid.
"But he has made me a byword of the people. They spit in my face.
in that you build your vaulted place at the head of every way, and make your lofty place in every street, and have not been as a prostitute, in that you scorn pay.
< < A Song of Ascents. > > When Yahweh brought back those who returned to Zion, we were like those who dream.
In the fullness of his sufficiency, distress shall overtake him. The hand of everyone who is in misery shall come on him.
Won't their livestock and their possessions and all their animals be ours? Only let us give our consent to them, and they will dwell with us."
These are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived: one hundred seventy-five years.
Ben Hesed, in Arubboth (to him belonged Socoh, and all the land of Hepher);
The rich rule over the poor. The borrower is servant to the lender.
then they would have swallowed us up alive, when their wrath was kindled against us;
Lord, open my lips. My mouth shall declare your praise.
That which is has been long ago, and that which is to be has been long ago: and God seeks again that which is passed away.
They are bowed down and fallen, but we rise up, and stand upright.
There is a way which seems right to a man, but in the end it leads to death.
He gathers the waters of the sea together as a heap. He lays up the deeps in storehouses.
Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am Yahweh who sanctifies them.
Now the city was wide and large; but the people were few therein, and the houses were not built.
Whoever tends the fig tree shall eat its fruit. He who looks after his master shall be honored.
My times are in your hand. Deliver me from the hand of my enemies, and from those who persecute me.
Then I asked, "Where are you going?" He said to me, "To measure Jerusalem, to see what is its breadth and what is its length."
It happened, when Israel had made an end of killing all the inhabitants of Ai in the field, in the wilderness in which they pursued them, and they had all fallen by the edge of the sword, until they were consumed, that all Israel returned to Ai, and struck it with the edge of the sword.
Yahweh has sworn by his right hand, and by the arm of his strength, "Surely I will no more give your grain to be food for your enemies; and foreigners shall not drink your new wine, for which you have labored:
In the seventh year of Jehu began Jehoash to reign; and he reigned forty years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Zibiah of Beersheba.
The sluggard buries his hand in the dish. He is too lazy to bring it back to his mouth.
The earth is utterly broken. The earth is torn apart. The earth is shaken violently.
Therefore will I also deal in wrath; my eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity; and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice, yet will I not hear them.
for if we hadn't delayed, surely we would have returned a second time by now."
You, son of man, will you judge, will you judge the bloody city? then cause her to know all her abominations.
I will incline my ear to a proverb. I will open my riddle on the harp.
Yahweh said to Moses, "Chisel two stone tablets like the first: and I will write on the tablets the words that were on the first tablets, which you broke.
My soul is laid low in the dust. Revive me according to your word!
Now let them put away their prostitution, and the dead bodies of their kings, far from me; and I will dwell in their midst forever.
He increased his people greatly, and made them stronger than their adversaries.
Solomon numbered all the foreigners who were in the land of Israel, after the numbering with which David his father had numbered them; and they were found one hundred fifty-three thousand six hundred.
The sword is outside, and the pestilence and the famine within: he who is in the field shall die with the sword: and he who is in the city, famine and pestilence shall devour him.
They meet with darkness in the day time, and grope at noonday as in the night.
They came to Balaam, and said to him, "Thus says Balak the son of Zippor, 'Please let nothing hinder you from coming to me:
To him who by understanding made the heavens; for his loving kindness endures forever:
Absalom and all the men of Israel said, "The counsel of Hushai the Archite is better than the counsel of Ahithophel." For Yahweh had ordained to defeat the good counsel of Ahithophel, to the intent that Yahweh might bring evil on Absalom.
"Don't be afraid; for you shall not be ashamed: neither be confounded; for you shall not be disappointed: for you shall forget the shame of your youth; and the reproach of your widowhood you shall remember no more.
"Asher's food will be rich. He will yield royal dainties.
When they go into the Tent of Meeting, they shall wash with water, that they not die; or when they come near to the altar to minister, to burn an offering made by fire to Yahweh.
"Make two trumpets of silver. You shall make them of beaten work. You shall use them for the calling of the congregation, and for the journeying of the camps.
For, behold, the winter is past. The rain is over and gone.
< < A Prayer by David. > > Hear, Yahweh, and answer me, for I am poor and needy.
She put the skins of the young goats on his hands, and on the smooth of his neck.
As for the Jebusites, the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the children of Judah couldn't drive them out; but the Jebusites live with the children of Judah at Jerusalem to this day.
For he didn't leave to Jehoahaz of the people any more than fifty horsemen, and ten chariots, and ten thousand footmen; for the king of Syria destroyed them, and made them like the dust in threshing.
You will eat the flesh of your sons, and you will eat the flesh of your daughters.
The rough male goat is the king of Greece: and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king.
for in six days Yahweh made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them, and rested the seventh day; therefore Yahweh blessed the Sabbath day, and made it holy.
The strong will be like tinder, and his work like a spark. They will both burn together, and no one will quench them."
Yahweh is near to those who have a broken heart, and saves those who have a crushed spirit.
Behold, here is my virgin daughter and his concubine. I will bring them out now. Humble them, and do with them what seems good to you; but to this man don't do any such folly."
Deliver me in your righteousness, and rescue me. Turn your ear to me, and save me.
Joshua said to the two men who had spied out the land, "Go into the prostitute's house, and bring out from there the woman and all that she has, as you swore to her."
They shall have like portions to eat, besides that which comes of the sale of his patrimony.
that you may bear your own shame, and may be ashamed because of all that you have done, in that you are a comfort to them.
Now therefore, may Yahweh, the God of Israel, keep with your servant David my father that which you have promised him, saying, 'There shall not fail you a man in my sight to sit on the throne of Israel, if only your children take heed to their way, to walk before me as you have walked before me.'
The length of each curtain was twenty-eight cubits, and the breadth of each curtain four cubits. All the curtains had one measure.
Who doesn't know that in all these, the hand of Yahweh has done this,
So one of the priests whom they had carried away from Samaria came and lived in Bethel, and taught them how they should fear Yahweh.
the third, Absalom the son of Maacah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur; the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith;
Now therefore this is what Yahweh of Armies says: Consider your ways.
You sword of Yahweh, how long will it be before you be quiet? Put up yourself into your scabbard; rest, and be still.
Yahweh said to Joshua, "Behold, I have given Jericho into your hand, with its king and the mighty men of valor.
Manoah said to the angel of Yahweh, "Please, let us detain you, that we may make a young goat ready for you."
He said to me, Son of man, these are the men who devise iniquity, and who give wicked counsel in this city;
He has swallowed up death forever! The Lord Yahweh will wipe away tears from off all faces. He will take the reproach of his people away from off all the earth, for Yahweh has spoken it.
Otherwise it will happen, when my lord the king shall sleep with his fathers, that I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders."
Yahweh said to him, "Go, return on your way to the wilderness of Damascus. When you arrive, you shall anoint Hazael to be king over Syria.
It happened, when the king had heard the words of the book of the law, that he tore his clothes.
So Yahweh our God delivered into our hand Og also, the king of Bashan, and all his people: and we struck him until none was left to him remaining.
Where could I go from your Spirit? Or where could I flee from your presence?
The king answered, I know of a certainty that you would gain time, because you see the thing is gone from me.
For you make him most blessed forever. You make him glad with joy in your presence.
then I will walk contrary to you in wrath; and I also will chastise you seven times for your sins.
Their camels shall be a booty, and the multitude of their livestock a spoil: and I will scatter to all winds those who have the corners of their beards cut off; and I will bring their calamity from every side of them, says Yahweh.
When the messengers came in, behold, the teraphim was in the bed, with the pillow of goats' hair at its head.
David knew that Saul was devising mischief against him; and he said to Abiathar the priest, "Bring the ephod here."
You shall remember that you were a servant in the land of Egypt, and Yahweh your God brought you out of there by a mighty hand and by an outstretched arm: therefore Yahweh your God commanded you to keep the Sabbath day.
For my brothers' and companions' sakes, I will now say, "Peace be within you."
All who hate me whisper together against me. They imagine the worst for me.
Yahweh descended in the cloud, and stood with him there, and proclaimed the name of Yahweh.
the ninth to Mattaniah, his sons and his brothers, twelve:
to open the blind eyes, to bring the prisoners out of the dungeon, and those who sit in darkness out of the prison.
As I live, says the Lord Yahweh, surely with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched arm, and with wrath poured out, will I be king over you:
Notwithstanding, you may kill and eat flesh within all your gates, after all the desire of your soul, according to the blessing of Yahweh your God which he has given you: the unclean and the clean may eat of it, as of the gazelle, and as of the hart.
then the priest shall examine it; and behold, if the hair in the bright spot has turned white, and its appearance is deeper than the skin; it is leprosy. It has broken out in the burning, and the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague of leprosy.
Of the children of Joseph, of the children of Ephraim, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
the children of Gazzam, the children of Uzza, the children of Paseah.
A continual dropping on a rainy day and a contentious wife are alike:
Their brothers the Levites were appointed for all the service of the tabernacle of God's house.
You shall cry out in that day because of your king whom you shall have chosen you; and Yahweh will not answer you in that day."
Shall vain words have an end? Or what provokes you that you answer?
Samuel said to Saul, "Yahweh sent me to anoint you to be king over his people, over Israel. Now therefore listen to the voice of the words of Yahweh.
Their feet run to evil, and they make haste to shed innocent blood: their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity; desolation and destruction are in their paths.
She yet again bore a son, and named him Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bore him.
It happened at the end of twenty years, in which Solomon had built the house of Yahweh, and his own house,
You will stumble in the day, and the prophet will also stumble with you in the night; and I will destroy your mother.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive the residue of the people who were left in the city, and those who fell away, who fell to the king of Babylon, and the residue of the multitude.
Now she had an ambush waiting in the inner room. She said to him, "The Philistines are on you, Samson!" He broke the cords, as a string of tow is broken when it touches the fire. So his strength was not known.
Therefore tell the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I don't do [this] for your sake, house of Israel, but for my holy name, which you have profaned among the nations, where you went.
So Yahweh sent a pestilence on Israel; and seventy thousand men of Israel fell.
when the sin in which they have sinned is known, then the assembly shall offer a young bull for a sin offering, and bring it before the Tent of Meeting.
Now therefore arise, go out, and speak to comfort your servants; for I swear by Yahweh, if you don't go out, not a man will stay with you this night. That would be worse to you than all the evil that has happened to you from your youth until now."
Behold, I have allotted to you these nations that remain, to be an inheritance for your tribes, from the Jordan, with all the nations that I have cut off, even to the great sea toward the going down of the sun.
It shall be that, when they enter in at the gates of the inner court, they shall be clothed with linen garments; and no wool shall come on them, while they minister in the gates of the inner court, and within.
Or if I send a pestilence into that land, and pour out my wrath on it in blood, to cut off from it man and animal;
He said, "Blessed is Yahweh, the God of Israel, who spoke with his mouth to David your father, and has with his hand fulfilled it, saying,
Neither shall he regard the gods of his fathers, nor the desire of women, nor regard any god; for he shall magnify himself above all.
Moses said to him, "As soon as I have gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my hands to Yahweh. The thunders shall cease, neither shall there be any more hail; that you may know that the earth is Yahweh's.
Yahweh came down in the cloud, and spoke to him, and took of the Spirit that was on him, and put it on the seventy elders: and it happened that when the Spirit rested on them, they prophesied, but they did so no more.
He sends out his commandment to the earth. His word runs very swiftly.
and showing loving kindness to thousands of those who love me and keep my commandments.
She lays her hands to the distaff, and her hands hold the spindle.
I remember your ordinances of old, Yahweh, and have comforted myself.
It shall become small dust over all the land of Egypt, and shall be a boil breaking out with boils on man and on animal, throughout all the land of Egypt."
According to the length of the years you shall increase its price, and according to the shortness of the years you shall diminish its price; for he is selling the number of the crops to you.
When he gives quietness, who then can condemn? When he hides his face, who then can see him? Alike whether to a nation, or to a man,
When David inquired of Yahweh, he said, "You shall not go up. Circle around behind them, and attack them over against the mulberry trees.
Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, "Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it."
Urijah the priest did so, according to all that king Ahaz commanded.
Then we asked those elders, and said to them thus, "Who gave you a decree to build this house, and to finish this wall?"
They are high as heaven. What can you do? They are deeper than Sheol . What can you know?
Behold, to Yahweh your God belongs heaven and the heaven of heavens, the earth, with all that is therein.
My son, keep your father's commandment, and don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Though your beginning was small, yet your latter end would greatly increase.
"'This is the law of the meal offering: the sons of Aaron shall offer it before Yahweh, before the altar.
Let the stars of its twilight be dark. Let it look for light, but have none, neither let it see the eyelids of the morning,
The sons of Levi did according to the word of Moses: and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men.
Your brothers also, the tribe of Levi, the tribe of your father, bring near with you, that they may be joined to you, and minister to you: but you and your sons with you shall be before the tent of the testimony.
Then I commended mirth, because a man has no better thing under the sun, than to eat, and to drink, and to be joyful: for that will accompany him in his labor all the days of his life which God has given him under the sun.
Two hundred men went with Absalom out of Jerusalem, who were invited, and went in their simplicity; and they didn't know anything.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will make you a terror to yourself, and to all your friends; and they shall fall by the sword of their enemies, and your eyes shall see it; and I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall carry them captive to Babylon, and shall kill them with the sword.
They brought out the pillars that were in the house of Baal, and burned them.
But Yahweh is the true God; he is the living God, and an everlasting King: at his wrath the earth trembles, and the nations are not able to withstand his indignation.
Jesse made seven of his sons to pass before Samuel. Samuel said to Jesse, "Yahweh has not chosen these."
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Judah, were sixty-four thousand six hundred.
He has cast the lot for them, and his hand has divided it to them with a measuring line. They shall possess it forever. From generation to generation they will dwell in it.
The children of Azgad, one thousand two hundred twenty-two.
Achish answered David, "I know that you are good in my sight, as an angel of God. Notwithstanding the princes of the Philistines have said, 'He shall not go up with us to the battle.'
On this I awakened, and saw; and my sleep was sweet to me.
It happened when Jerusalem was taken, (in the ninth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the tenth month, came Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and all his army against Jerusalem, and besieged it;
Pharaoh sent, and, behold, there was not so much as one of the livestock of the Israelites dead. But the heart of Pharaoh was stubborn, and he didn't let the people go.
Then I thought, "I will appeal to this: the years of the right hand of the Most High."
and they shall answer, 'Because they forsook Yahweh their God, who brought their fathers out of the land of Egypt, and laid hold of other gods, and worshiped them, and served them. Therefore Yahweh has brought all this evil on them.'"
I will even give them up to be tossed back and forth among all the kingdoms of the earth for evil; to be a reproach and a proverb, a taunt and a curse, in all places where I shall drive them.
They have sharpened their tongues like a serpent. Viper's poison is under their lips. Selah.
"You have encircled this mountain long enough. Turn northward.
Their border was from Mahanaim, all Bashan, all the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, and all the towns of Jair, which are in Bashan, sixty cities.
Moses alone shall come near to Yahweh, but they shall not come near, neither shall the people go up with him."
Abram said, "Behold, to me you have given no seed: and, behold, one born in my house is my heir."
The heavens shall declare his righteousness, for God himself is judge. Selah.
When they came to the threshing floor of Nacon, Uzzah reached for the ark of God, and took hold of it; for the cattle stumbled.
I will make your offspring as the dust of the earth, so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then your seed may also be numbered.
according to the tenor of the law which they shall teach you, and according to the judgment which they shall tell you, you shall do; you shall not turn aside from the sentence which they shall show you, to the right hand, nor to the left.
Where is the king of Hamath, and the king of Arpad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, of Hena, and Ivvah?'"
"You shall not covet your neighbor's house. You shall not covet your neighbor's wife, nor his male servant, nor his female servant, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor anything that is your neighbor's."
The sons of Korah: Assir, and Elkanah, and Abiasaph; these are the families of the Korahites.
and I said to you, "I am Yahweh your God; you shall not fear the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you dwell." But you have not listened to my voice.'"
that God's sons saw that men's daughters were beautiful, and they took for themselves wives of all that they chose.
Jacob was left alone, and wrestled with a man there until the breaking of the day.
I will be glad and rejoice in you. I will sing praise to your name, O Most High.
A father of the fatherless, and a defender of the widows, is God in his holy habitation.
Isaac entreated Yahweh for his wife, because she was barren. Yahweh was entreated by him, and Rebekah his wife conceived.
Yahweh will fulfill that which concerns me; your loving kindness, Yahweh, endures forever. Don't forsake the works of your own hands.
Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast.
Arise and thresh, daughter of Zion; for I will make your horn iron, and I will make your hoofs brass; and you will beat in pieces many peoples: and I will devote their gain to Yahweh, and their substance to the Lord of the whole earth.
He put shields and spears in every city, and made them exceeding strong. Judah and Benjamin belonged to him.
You shall make the boards for the tabernacle, twenty boards for the south side southward.
The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred twelve.
Whereupon were its foundations fastened? Or who laid its cornerstone,
Concerning the prophets. My heart within me is broken, all my bones shake; I am like a drunken man, and like a man whom wine has overcome, because of Yahweh, and because of his holy words.
How often is it that they are as stubble before the wind, as chaff that the storm carries away?
everyone who is called by my name, and whom I have created for my glory, whom I have formed, yes, whom I have made.'"
The children of Israel did secretly things that were not right against Yahweh their God: and they built them high places in all their cities, from the tower of the watchmen to the fortified city;
The birds of the sky, the fish of the sea, and whatever passes through the paths of the seas.
These are the inheritances, which Eleazar the priest, Joshua the son of Nun, and the heads of the fathers' houses of the tribes of the children of Israel, distributed for inheritance by lot in Shiloh before Yahweh, at the door of the Tent of Meeting. So they made an end of dividing the land.
When Gaal saw the people, he said to Zebul, "Behold, people are coming down from the tops of the mountains." Zebul said to him, "You see the shadow of the mountains as if they were men."
The sons of Zophah: Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah,
These are those who conspired against him: Zabad the son of Shimeath the Ammonitess, and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith the Moabitess.
Jacob asked him, "Please tell me your name." He said, "Why is it that you ask what my name is?" He blessed him there.
The man increased exceedingly, and had large flocks, female servants and male servants, and camels and donkeys.
It happened, when Ahab heard that Naboth was dead, that Ahab rose up to go down to the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite, to take possession of it.
Whoever sheds man's blood, his blood will be shed by man, for God made man in his own image.
Thus says Yahweh: Refrain your voice from weeping, and your eyes from tears; for your work shall be rewarded, says Yahweh; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy.
Their pillars were four, and their sockets four, of brass; their hooks of silver, and the overlaying of their capitals, and their fillets, of silver.
He stayed yet another seven days; and again he sent the dove out of the ship.
Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, from everlasting even to everlasting. All the people said, "Amen," and praised Yahweh.
Men will dwell in his shade. They will revive like the grain, and blossom like the vine. Their fragrance will be like the wine of Lebanon.
Moses sent them to spy out the land of Canaan, and said to them, "Go up this way by the South, and go up into the hill country:
but if he is found, he shall restore seven times. He shall give all the wealth of his house.
Moses stretched out his hand toward the sky, and there was a thick darkness in all the land of Egypt three days.
As Samuel was offering up the burnt offering, the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel; but Yahweh thundered with a great thunder on that day on the Philistines, and confused them; and they were struck down before Israel.
Thus says Yahweh, "As the new wine is found in the cluster, and one says, 'Don't destroy it, for a blessing is in it:' so will I do for my servants' sake, that I may not destroy them all.
Abimelech took sheep and cattle, male servants and female servants, and gave them to Abraham, and restored Sarah, his wife, to him.
But the people who followed Omri prevailed against the people who followed Tibni the son of Ginath: so Tibni died, and Omri reigned.
The servants of the king of Syria said to him, "Their god is a god of the hills; therefore they were stronger than we. But let us fight against them in the plain, and surely we shall be stronger than they.
God created the large sea creatures, and every living creature that moves, with which the waters swarmed, after their kind, and every winged bird after its kind. God saw that it was good.
Then Saul said to his armor bearer, "Draw your sword, and thrust me through with it, lest these uncircumcised come and thrust me through, and abuse me!" But his armor bearer would not; for he was terrified. Therefore Saul took his sword, and fell on it.
Some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents, and silver for tribute; the Arabians also brought him flocks, seven thousand and seven hundred rams, and seven thousand and seven hundred male goats.
The woman said to the serpent, "Of the fruit of the trees of the garden we may eat,
The word which came to Jeremiah from Yahweh, saying,
but let him who glories glory in this, that he has understanding, and knows me, that I am Yahweh who exercises loving kindness, justice, and righteousness, in the earth: for in these things I delight, says Yahweh.
Therefore I poured out my wrath on them for the blood which they had poured out on the land, and because they had defiled it with their idols;
Jehoiada took for him two wives; and he became the father of sons and daughters.
who satisfies your desire with good things, so that your youth is renewed like the eagle's.
He said to them, "Come again to me after three days." The people departed.
This is the history of the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in the hill country of Seir:
Yahweh reigns! He is clothed with majesty! Yahweh is armed with strength. The world also is established. It can't be moved.
As for the works of men, by the word of your lips, I have kept myself from the ways of the violent.
Yet there is both straw and provender for our donkeys; and there is bread and wine also for me, and for your handmaid, and for the young man who is with your servants: there is no want of anything."
If a man schemes and comes presumptuously on his neighbor to kill him, you shall take him from my altar, that he may die.
while you sleep among the campfires, the wings of a dove sheathed with silver, her feathers with shining gold.
He said, "What is the thing that he has spoken to you? Please don't hide it from me. God do so to you, and more also, if you hide anything from me of all the things that he spoke to you."
My frame wasn't hidden from you, when I was made in secret, woven together in the depths of the earth.
I said, "What is it?" He said, "This is the ephah basket that is appearing." He said moreover, "This is their appearance in all the land
Is it for your piety that he reproves you, that he enters with you into judgment?
and Ebron, Rehob, Hammon, and Kanah, even to great Sidon.
The people said to Saul, "Shall Jonathan die, who has worked this great salvation in Israel? Far from it! As Yahweh lives, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he has worked with God this day!" So the people rescued Jonathan, that he didn't die.
Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the archives, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon.
Let them be before Yahweh continually, that he may cut off their memory from the earth;
All king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold: none were of silver; it was nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon.
Let them therefore give us two bulls; and let them choose one bull for themselves, and cut it in pieces, and lay it on the wood, and put no fire under; and I will dress the other bull, and lay it on the wood, and put no fire under it.
Abundance of grain shall be throughout the land. Its fruit sways like Lebanon. Let it flourish, thriving like the grass of the field.
It shall be for Aaron and his sons; and they shall eat it in a holy place: for it is most holy to him of the offerings of Yahweh made by fire by a perpetual statute."
and said to them, "Listen to me, you Levites! Now sanctify yourselves, and sanctify the house of Yahweh, the God of your fathers, and carry out the filthiness out of the holy place.
As a lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters. Beloved
Yahweh said to Cain, "Where is Abel, your brother?" He said, "I don't know. Am I my brother's keeper?"
that Sanballat and Geshem sent to me, saying, "Come, let us meet together in the villages in the plain of Ono." But they intended to harm me.
Esteem her, and she will exalt you. She will bring you to honor, when you embrace her.
"An evil disease," they say, "has afflicted him. Now that he lies he shall rise up no more."
For David said, "Yahweh, the God of Israel, has given rest to his people; and he dwells in Jerusalem forever.
who forsake the paths of uprightness, to walk in the ways of darkness;
It happened, when Solomon had finished the building of the house of Yahweh, and the king's house, and all Solomon's desire which he was pleased to do,
Arrogant speech isn't fitting for a fool, much less do lying lips fit a prince.
It happened on the eighth day, that Moses called Aaron and his sons, and the elders of Israel;
The way of Yahweh is a stronghold to the upright, but it is a destruction to the workers of iniquity.
So the people shouted, and the priests blew the trumpets. It happened, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, that the people shouted with a great shout, and the wall fell down flat, so that the people went up into the city, every man straight before him, and they took the city.
As they were multiplied, so they sinned against me. I will change their glory into shame.
so they will be life to your soul, and grace for your neck.
As if a man fled from a lion, and a bear met him; Or he went into the house and leaned his hand on the wall, and a snake bit him.
Therefore I will give thanks to you, Yahweh, among the nations. Will sing praises to your name.
He built twenty cubits on the hinder part of the house with boards of cedar from the floor to the ceiling: he built them for it within, for an oracle, even for the most holy place.
But I will declare this forever: I will sing praises to the God of Jacob.
But as for you and your servants, I know that you don't yet fear Yahweh God."
Ephraim feeds on wind, and chases the east wind. He continually multiplies lies and desolation. They make a covenant with Assyria, and oil is carried into Egypt.
"'They shall therefore follow my requirements, lest they bear sin for it, and die therein, if they profane it. I am Yahweh who sanctifies them.
Before the length of one hundred cubits was the north door, and the breadth was fifty cubits.
Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice! Let them say among the nations, "Yahweh reigns!"
You who fear Yahweh, praise him! All you descendants of Jacob, glorify him! Stand in awe of him, all you descendants of Israel!
David went up, and all Israel, to Baalah, that is, to Kiriath Jearim, which belonged to Judah, to bring up from there the ark of God Yahweh that sits above the cherubim, that is called by the Name.
They laid it up until the morning, as Moses asked, and it didn't become foul, neither was there any worm in it.
They all said to each other, "Come, let us cast lots, that we may know who is responsible for this evil that is on us." So they cast lots, and the lot fell on Jonah.
I sought Yahweh, and he answered me, and delivered me from all my fears.
You shall know also that your seed shall be great, Your offspring as the grass of the earth.
and the four hundred pomegranates for the two networks; two rows of pomegranates for each network, to cover the two bowls of the capitals that were on the pillars.
These are the sons of Rachel, who were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen.
Yes surely, God will not do wickedly, neither will the Almighty pervert justice.
of gold by weight for the gold, for all vessels of every kind of service; for all the vessels of silver by weight, for all vessels of every kind of service;
(let me be weighed in an even balance, that God may know my integrity);
When the men of Ashdod saw that it was so, they said, "The ark of the God of Israel shall not stay with us; for his hand is severe on us, and on Dagon our god."
When Moses went into the Tent of Meeting to speak with Yahweh, he heard his voice speaking to him from above the mercy seat that was on the ark of the Testimony, from between the two cherubim: and he spoke to him.
It shall not seem hard to you, when you let him go free from you; for to the double of the hire of a hireling has he served you six years: and Yahweh your God will bless you in all that you do.
Egypt was glad when they departed, for the fear of them had fallen on them.
a bell and a pomegranate, a bell and a pomegranate, around the skirts of the robe, to minister in, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Truly, Yahweh, the kings of Assyria have laid waste the nations and their lands,
"If a man sin against his neighbor, and an oath is laid on him to cause him to swear, and he comes and swears before your altar in this house;
oil for the light, spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense,
When he restored the money to his mother, his mother took two hundred pieces of silver, and gave them to the founder, who made of it an engraved image and a molten image: and it was in the house of Micah.
who brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God. I am Yahweh."
because of all the evil of the children of Israel and of the children of Judah, which they have done to provoke me to anger, they, their kings, their princes, their priests, and their prophets, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
He has put a new song in my mouth, even praise to our God. Many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in Yahweh.
The children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array at the entrance of the gate: and the Syrians of Zobah and of Rehob, and the men of Tob and Maacah, were by themselves in the field.
You shall offer these besides the burnt offering of the morning, which is for a continual burnt offering.
It will happen in the day of Yahweh's sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, the king's sons, and all those who are clothed with foreign clothing.
Then Adonijah the son of Haggith came to Bathsheba the mother of Solomon. She said, "Do you come peaceably?" He said, "Peaceably.
At the end of the days I, Nebuchadnezzar, lifted up my eyes to heaven, and my understanding returned to me, and I blessed the Most High, and I praised and honored him who lives forever; for his dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom from generation to generation.
The families of the Gershonites shall encamp behind the tabernacle westward.
Yahweh will sustain him on his sickbed, and restore him from his bed of illness.
For the sake of the house of Yahweh our God, I will seek your good.
The eyes of those who see will not be dim, and the ears of those who hear will listen.
Now Jericho was tightly shut up because of the children of Israel. No one went out, and no one came in.
But when the people of the land shall come before Yahweh in the appointed feasts, he who enters by the way of the north gate to worship shall go forth by the way of the south gate; and he who enters by the way of the south gate shall go forth by the way of the north gate: he shall not return by the way of the gate by which he came in, but shall go forth straight before him.
God went up from him in the place where he spoke with him.
After that Hezron was dead in Caleb Ephrathah, then Abijah Hezron's wife bore him Ashhur the father of Tekoa.
The seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of Yahweh went on continually, and blew the trumpets: and the armed men went before them. The rear guard came after the ark of Yahweh. The trumpets sounded as they went.
Yahweh God said to the serpent, "Because you have done this, you are cursed above all livestock, and above every animal of the field. On your belly you shall go, and you shall eat dust all the days of your life.
Now Eli was very old; and he heard all that his sons did to all Israel, and how that they lay with the women who served at the door of the Tent of Meeting.
The field, and the cave that is in it, were deeded to Abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of Heth.
The border of the Amorites was from the ascent of Akrabbim, from the rock, and upward.
that the house of Israel may go no more astray from me, neither defile themselves any more with all their transgressions; but that they may be my people, and I may be their God, says the Lord Yahweh.
They gathered together to Mizpah, and drew water, and poured it out before Yahweh, and fasted on that day, and said there, "We have sinned against Yahweh." Samuel judged the children of Israel in Mizpah.
I was angry with my people, I profaned my inheritance, and gave them into your hand: you showed them no mercy; on the aged you have very heavily laid your yoke.
In that day, Israel will be the third with Egypt and with Assyria, a blessing in the midst of the earth;
The sons of Hananiah: Pelatiah, and Jeshaiah; the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shecaniah.
If he dedicates his field from the Year of Jubilee, according to your valuation it shall stand.
He gave to Moses, when he finished speaking with him on Mount Sinai, the two tablets of the testimony, stone tablets, written with God's finger.
I will sanctify my great name, which has been profaned among the nations, which you have profaned in their midst; and the nations shall know that I am Yahweh, says the Lord Yahweh, when I shall be sanctified in you before their eyes.
"'If you in spite of these things will not listen to me, then I will chastise you seven times more for your sins.
