The dog's jaw, as shown in the space between these marks, is too broad in my opinion for a terrier and not broad enough for a mastiff.
I left Sir Henry behind, therefore, not without some prickings of conscience, and drove off upon my new quest.
If their intentions are evil they might do you a mischief, and we should be powerless to prevent it.
At the same moment by a lucky chance the moon broke through the clouds.
"It is useless for us to pretend that we do not know you, Dr. Watson," said he. "The records of your detective have reached us here, and you could not celebrate him without being known yourself.
Even now, in the stillness of death, the huge jaws seemed to be dripping with a bluish flame and the small, deep-set, cruel eyes were ringed with fire.
His plans were suddenly brought to a head by his knowledge that Sir Charles was about to leave the Hall on the advice of Dr. Mortimer, with whose opinion he himself pretended to coincide. He must act at once, or his victim might get beyond his power.
You are aware that I am not a very sound sleeper, and since I have been on guard in this house my slumbers have been lighter than ever.
Sir Henry was more pleased than surprised to see Sherlock Holmes, for he had for some days been expecting that recent events would bring him down from London.
It was incredible how slowly the hours crawled by, and yet we were helped through it by the same sort of patient interest which the hunter must feel as he watches the trap into which he hopes the game may wander.
We'll teach these magnates that they cannot ride roughshod over the rights of the commoners, confound them!
"There is an exit through a summer-house at the far end."
I was able to establish the identity of the man and the woman and knew at last exactly how I stood.
What does it mean? It means no good to anyone of the name of Baskerville, and very glad I shall be to be quit of it all on the day that Sir Henry's new servants are ready to take over the Hall."
"Do you think a woman could go alone at that hour to a bachelor's house?"
I speak not as a medical man but as a trustee and executor of Sir Charles's will."
We knew him well, and miss him more than I can tell.
"And ask at the station office if there is a message for me."
I could not make it out when first I saw the light flashing upon the lens."
The baronet has been in communication with the architect who prepared the plans for Sir Charles, and with a contractor from London, so that we may expect great changes to begin here soon. There have been decorators and furnishers up from Plymouth, and it is evident that our friend has large ideas, and means to spare no pains or expense to restore the grandeur of his family.
It put me in a most awkward position.
"It seems to show that someone knows more than we do about what goes on upon the moor," said Dr. Mortimer.
Pistol in hand, we all three rushed into the room.
Dr. Watson has gone to Coombe Tracey.
Already the first thin wisps of it were curling across the golden square of the lighted window. The farther wall of the orchard was already invisible, and the trees were standing out of a swirl of white vapour.
"Queer spot to choose, is it not?" said he as if in answer to my thought. "And yet we manage to make ourselves fairly happy, do we not, Beryl?"
"I don't say now that he isn't a crazy man," said Sir Henry; "I can't forget the look in his eyes when he ran at me this morning, but I must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has done."
"The blinds are up. You know the lie of the land best. Creep forward quietly and see what they are doing--but for heaven's sake don't let them know that they are watched!"
He has done nothing except for my sake and because I asked him."
This paste in the tin is no doubt the luminous mixture with which the creature was daubed.
"And so did I," said Baskerville. "Every inch of it."
My nerves thrilled with anticipation when at last the cold wind upon our faces and the dark, void spaces on either side of the narrow road told me that we were back upon the moor once again.
But his next remark took a weight from my mind.
At the present instant one of the most revered names in England is being besmirched by a blackmailer, and only I can stop a disastrous scandal.
"It is Selden, the man who escaped from Princetown."
It's about poor Sir Charles's death."
What's the matter with me, anyhow? You've lived near me for some weeks, Watson.
I had descended from my gig and was standing in front of him, when I saw his eyes fix themselves over my shoulder, and stare past me with an expression of the most dreadful horror.
I was at a loss what to say or what to do, and before I had made up my mind he picked up his cane and was gone.
"What is the object of these questions?" she asked sharply.
"Yes, sir, he is still with us."
This was my conversation with Barrymore just now, which gives me one more strong card which I can play in due time.
A most practical, pressing matter, which must be decided within twenty-four hours.
He stood upon a chair, and, holding up the light in his left hand, he curved his right arm over the broad hat and round the long ringlets.
I don't know that Watson and I are much the wiser since we came down."
I had hardly expected so dolichocephalic a skull or such well-marked supra-orbital development. Would you have any objection to my running my finger along your parietal fissure?
There is Mr. Frankland, of Lafter Hall, who is also an unknown factor, and there are one or two other neighbours. These are the folk who must be your very special study."
We had been sauntering slowly down Regent Street during this conversation, and Dr. Mortimer, with his companion, had long vanished in front of us.
"As clearly as I see you."
"I only meant, sir, that Sir Charles led a very retired life, and we were able to look after his wants. You would, naturally, wish to have more company, and so you will need changes in your household."
But the second was criticism. There was something subtly wrong with the face, some coarseness of expression, some hardness, perhaps, of eye, some looseness of lip which marred its perfect beauty.
Rain squalls drifted across their russet face, and the heavy, slate-coloured clouds hung low over the landscape, trailing in gray wreaths down the sides of the fantastic hills.
Her fidelity turned in an instant to bitter hatred and he saw that she would betray him. He tied her up, therefore, that she might have no chance of warning Sir Henry, and he hoped, no doubt, that when the whole country-side put down the baronet's death to the curse of his family, as they certainly would do, he could win his wife back to accept an accomplished fact and to keep silent upon what she knew.
"I hope that you will come also.
It is the stoniest part of the whole moor.
You will find hot water in your rooms.
"But it was some time coming. The old gentleman could not be decoyed outside of his grounds at night.
This article, you say, contains all the public facts?"
I therefore spent the day at my club and did not return to Baker Street until evening. It was nearly nine o'clock when I found myself in the sitting-room once more.
Something intervened to prevent my going."
"Who knew that you were going to the Northumberland Hotel?" asked Holmes, glancing keenly across at our visitor.
"It's a thousand to one against our finding him at the house," he continued as we retraced our steps swiftly down the path.
"Now, for some space the revellers stood agape, unable to understand all that had been done in such haste.
Here he kept his wife imprisoned in her room while he, disguised in a beard, followed Dr. Mortimer to Baker Street and afterwards to the station and to the Northumberland Hotel. His wife had some inkling of his plans; but she had such a fear of her husband--a fear founded upon brutal ill-treatment--that she dare not write to warn the man whom she knew to be in danger.
I had raised my hat and was about to make some explanatory remark, when her own words turned all my thoughts into a new channel.
"There are many sheep-dogs on the moor?"
They would be helpless in the hands of a desperate fellow like this Notting Hill criminal, if he could once effect an entrance.
"They say it is the cry of the Hound of the Baskervilles."
And while the revellers stood aghast at the fury of the man, one more wicked or, it may be, more drunken than the rest, cried out that they should put the hounds upon her.
In the distant hollow on the left, half hidden by the mist, the two thin towers of Baskerville Hall rose above the trees.
With characteristic promptness and audacity he set about this at once, and we cannot doubt that the boots or chamber-maid of the hotel was well bribed to help him in his design.
"But Dr. Mortimer was no doubt already stopping there?"
"In that case the waiter must have placed it there while we were lunching."
"Have you the dates of those letters?"
Though young, his long back was already bowed, and he walked with a forward thrust of his head and a general air of peering benevolence.
She came out and helped the man to hand down our bags.
His agitation was so great that he could hardly speak, and the shadows sprang up and down from the shaking of his candle.
My wife and I will be happy, Sir Henry, to stay with you until you have made your fresh arrangements, but you will understand that under the new conditions this house will require a considerable staff."
I stayed with him all the evening, and it was on that occasion, to explain the emotion which he had shown, that he confided to my keeping that narrative which I read to you when first I came.
But now you have been kind to us, and I feel as if it would be treating you unfairly not to tell you all that I know about the matter."
He rose and peeped into the hut. "Ha, I see that Cartwright has brought up some supplies.
A figure was approaching us over the moor, and I saw the dull red glow of a cigar.
But there were ample signs that I had not come upon a false scent. This was certainly where the man lived.
"His wife!" she said again. "His wife!
"Our case becomes rounded off, and difficulty after difficulty thins away in front of us," said Holmes as we stood waiting for the arrival of the express from town. "I shall soon be in the position of being able to put into a single connected narrative one of the most singular and sensational crimes of modern times.
There is but one danger which can threaten us. It is that he should strike before we are ready to do so.
If I have to call in the aid of the police you will find how seriously you are compromised.
We can understand his taking an evening stroll, but the ground was damp and the night inclement.
"But I understand that it is something more modern and practical upon which you wish to consult me?"
When I was watching Stapleton, Cartwright was frequently watching you, so that I was able to keep my hand upon all the strings.
Then my gentleman threw up the trap, and he cried that I should drive right away to Waterloo Station as hard as I could go. I whipped up the mare and we were there under the ten minutes.
Sometimes I wonder if she has a guilty memory which haunts her, and sometimes I suspect Barrymore of being a domestic tyrant.
MY DEAR HOLMES,--If I was compelled to leave you without much news during the early days of my mission you must acknowledge that I am making up for lost time, and that events are now crowding thick and fast upon us.
"Man, man!" she cried. "Can you not tell when a warning is for your own good?
He had not seen this lonely man upon the tor and could not feel the thrill which his strange presence and his commanding attitude had given to me.
And I've closed the wood where the Fernworthy folk used to picnic.
As Sir Henry and I sat at breakfast the sunlight flooded in through the high mullioned windows, throwing watery patches of colour from the coats of arms which covered them. The dark panelling glowed like bronze in the golden rays, and it was hard to realize that this was indeed the chamber which had struck such a gloom into our souls upon the evening before.
Her dry lips could not speak the "No" which I saw rather than heard.
"You would naturally think so and the thought has cost several their lives before now.
Beside it lay some cooking utensils and a bucket half-full of water. A litter of empty tins showed that the place had been occupied for some time, and I saw, as my eyes became accustomed to the checkered light, a pannikin and a half-full bottle of spirits standing in the corner.
There is our friend Dr. Mortimer, whom I believe to be entirely honest, and there is his wife, of whom we know nothing.
"Within the last few months it became increasingly plain to me that Sir Charles's nervous system was strained to the breaking point.
I would suggest, for example, that a presentation to a doctor is more likely to come from a hospital than from a hunt, and that when the initials 'C.C.' are placed before that hospital the words 'Charing Cross' very naturally suggest themselves."
"But are you sure of this, Holmes? How do you know that the woman is his wife?"
The man looked surprised and a little embarrassed. "Why, there's no good my telling you things, for you seem to know as much as I do already," said he. "The truth is that the gentleman told me that he was a detective and that I was to say nothing about him to anyone."
I ran down the hill therefore and met the baronet at the bottom. His face was flushed with anger and his brows were wrinkled, like one who is at his wit's ends what to do.
"The brute! the brute!" I cried with clenched hands. "Oh Holmes, I shall never forgive myself for having left him to his fate."
Every day we hoped that he was gone, but as long as he was there we could not desert him. That is the whole truth, as I am an honest Christian woman, and you will see that if there is blame in the matter it does not lie with my husband, but with me, for whose sake he has done all that he has."
"I guess we are aiding and abetting a felony, Watson?
"This will do," said he. "These rocks upon the right make an admirable screen."
I told the police last time they did it that they should stop these disgraceful exhibitions.
"I just don't attempt to explain it.
I could only check it by finding if she had, indeed, instituted divorce proceedings against her husband at or about the time of the tragedy.
You must allow that there is nothing supernatural about this, at any rate?"
"But if you saw him so seldom and wrote so seldom, how did he know enough about your affairs to be able to help you, as you say that he has done?"
Possibly I had taken no step since I had been upon the moor which had not been observed and reported. Always there was this feeling of an unseen force, a fine net drawn round us with infinite skill and delicacy, holding us so lightly that it was only at some supreme moment that one realized that one was indeed entangled in its meshes.
"Well, you know what my instructions are.
It opened upon the grassy space which lay in front of the hall door.
At the head was written: "Baskerville Hall," and below in large, scrawling figures: "1742."
There were several Mortimers, but only one who could be our visitor.
"No, no," said I. "Only a humble commoner, but his friend.
"He'll break into no house, sir. I give you my solemn word upon that.
So as the fog-bank flowed onward we fell back before it until we were half a mile from the house, and still that dense white sea, with the moon silvering its upper edge, swept slowly and inexorably on.
There, outlined as black as an ebony statue on that shining back-ground, I saw the figure of a man upon the tor.
Oh, Dr. Mortimer, Dr. Mortimer, to think that you should not have called me in! You have indeed much to answer for."
It was the sob of a woman, the muffled, strangling gasp of one who is torn by an uncontrollable sorrow. I sat up in bed and listened intently.
They dine here to-night, and there is some talk of our going to them next week. One would imagine that such a match would be very welcome to Stapleton, and yet I have more than once caught a look of the strongest disapprobation in his face when Sir Henry has been paying some attention to his sister.
Yet he had taken the obvious risk of discovery in declaring that it was not so. Why had he done this?
He held an old black boot in the air.
"Well," said I, "has this precious relation of yours departed, or is he still lurking out yonder?"
"[This from Hugo Baskerville to his sons Rodger and John, with instructions that they say nothing thereof to their sister Elizabeth.]"
But he has never let us get together, and it was only to-day for the first time that I saw a chance of having a few words with her alone.
I fancy that he really did see something of the kind upon that last night in the Yew Alley.
There, in that hut upon the moor, seems to lie the very centre of that problem which has vexed me so sorely.
Supposing that anything happened to our young friend here--you will forgive the unpleasant hypothesis!--who would inherit the estate?"
The latter was a small, alert, dark-eyed man about thirty years of age, very sturdily built, with thick black eyebrows and a strong, pugnacious face. He wore a ruddy-tinted tweed suit and had the weather-beaten appearance of one who has spent most of his time in the open air, and yet there was something in his steady eye and the quiet assurance of his bearing which indicated the gentleman.
He was a very tall, thin man, with a long nose like a beak, which jutted out between two keen, gray eyes, set closely together and sparkling brightly from behind a pair of gold-rimmed glasses.
It seems, however, that there must have been some short cut for those who knew it, for before I had reached the road I was astounded to see Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track. Her face was beautifully flushed with her exertions, and she held her hand to her side.
I do not trouble you with my theories, for you asked me to furnish you only with facts.
The moment you arrive you will send a wire to Sir Henry Baskerville, in my name, to say that if he finds the pocket-book which I have dropped he is to send it by registered post to Baker Street."
He returns immaculate in the evening with the gloss still on his hat and his boots. He has been a fixture therefore all day.
Then Holmes and I both fired together, and the creature gave a hideous howl, which showed that one at least had hit him.
The walk in the centre is about eight feet across."
At that instant I was aware of a bushy black beard and a pair of piercing eyes turned upon us through the side window of the cab. Instantly the trapdoor at the top flew up, something was screamed to the driver, and the cab flew madly off down Regent Street.
"But how about the case?" asked the baronet. "Have you made anything out of the tangle?
I stooped, panting, and pressed my pistol to the dreadful, shimmering head, but it was useless to press the trigger. The giant hound was dead.
Did the pale, watchful Barrymore know more than he cared to say?
House, land, and dollars must go together."
I am Stapleton, of Merripit House."
The most of them would by no means advance, but three of them, the boldest, or it may be the most drunken, rode forward down the goyal.
I mention this small episode because it assumes some importance in view of the tragedy which followed, but I was convinced at the time that the matter was entirely trivial and that his excitement had no justification.
"Yes, sir, but the chance of five pounds is but a poor thing compared to the chance of having your throat cut. You see, it isn't like any ordinary convict. This is a man that would stick at nothing."
In the evening I put on my waterproof and I walked far upon the sodden moor, full of dark imaginings, the rain beating upon my face and the wind whistling about my ears.
If I could only use it to detach his wife----"
"The biggest thing for years," said Holmes. "We have two hours before we need think of starting.
I turned, expecting to see Dr. Mortimer, but to my surprise it was a stranger who was pursuing me.
In every way it corresponded with the scene of the old tragedy. Sir Henry was much interested and asked Stapleton more than once whether he did really believe in the possibility of the interference of the supernatural in the affairs of men.
"I entirely believe you, madam," said Sherlock Holmes. "The recital of these events must be very painful to you, and perhaps it will make it easier if I tell you what occurred, and you can check me if I make any material mistake.
At last in the stress of her fear she did that which might have daunted the bravest or most active man, for by the aid of the growth of ivy which covered (and still covers) the south wall she came down from under the eaves, and so homeward across the moor, there being three leagues betwixt the Hall and her father's farm.
"I cannot think where she is."
It was a relief to me, after that unnatural restraint, when we at last passed Frankland's house and knew that we were drawing near to the Hall and to the scene of action.
The light shone steadily as if he were standing motionless.
Watson here knows more about my methods than you do, but I fear that even he has not quite grasped the significance of this sentence."
The proposition took me completely by surprise, but before I had time to answer, Baskerville seized me by the hand and wrung it heartily.
From the end of it a small wand planted here and there showed where the path zigzagged from tuft to tuft of rushes among those green-scummed pits and foul quagmires which barred the way to the stranger. Rank reeds and lush, slimy water-plants sent an odour of decay and a heavy miasmatic vapour onto our faces, while a false step plunged us more than once thigh-deep into the dark, quivering mire, which shook for yards in soft undulations around our feet.
Blindly we ran through the gloom, blundering against boulders, forcing our way through gorse bushes, panting up hills and rushing down slopes, heading always in the direction whence those dreadful sounds had come. At every rise Holmes looked eagerly round him, but the shadows were thick upon the moor, and nothing moved upon its dreary face.
He has certainly a very marked influence over her, for I have seen her continually glance at him as she talked as if seeking approbation for what she said. I trust that he is kind to her.
To think that this should be the same hall in which for five hundred years my people have lived. It strikes me solemn to think of it."
On the contrary, the evidence is that he avoided the moor.
"But, surely, you said that it was a new brown boot?"
In these days of nouveaux riches it is refreshing to find a case where the scion of an old county family which has fallen upon evil days is able to make his own fortune and to bring it back with him to restore the fallen grandeur of his line. Sir Charles, as is well known, made large sums of money in South African speculation.
James, you delivered that telegram to Mr. Barrymore at the Hall last week, did you not?"
"I hope," said Dr. Mortimer, "that you do not look with suspicious eyes upon everyone who received a legacy from Sir Charles, for I also had a thousand pounds left to me."
With a last howl of agony and a vicious snap in the air, it rolled upon its back, four feet pawing furiously, and then fell limp upon its side.
"The peasants say it is the Hound of the Baskervilles calling for its prey.
If Stapleton came into the succession, how could he explain the fact that he, the heir, had been living unannounced under another name so close to the property?
He tried to stagger to his feet; but he was still ghastly pale and trembling in every limb.
"It's the weirdest, strangest thing that ever I heard in my life."
Thus I had made certain of the hound, and had guessed at the criminal before ever we went to the west country.
Well, do you see the low hill beyond with the thornbush upon it?
"I have been calling on Mortimer, and he pointed you out to me from the window of his surgery as you passed.
"No, sir! he has used this hotel for many years, and he is very well known to us."
The last red streaks had faded away in the west and night had settled upon the moor. A few faint stars were gleaming in a violet sky.
"My dear fellow," said he, "Holmes, with all his wisdom, did not foresee some things which have happened since I have been on the moor.
"You think that he was waiting for someone?"
This he opened and spread flat upon the table.
When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narrative he pushed his spectacles up on his forehead and stared across at Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
"I can well remember driving up to his house in the evening some three weeks before the fatal event.
"The surprise was not all on one side, I assure you. I had no idea that you had found my occasional retreat, still less that you were inside it, until I was within twenty paces of the door."
It was to set her up in a typewriting business."
Tell me then what it was that you meant, and I will promise to convey your warning to Sir Henry."
"Oh, they are ignorant people. Why should you mind what they call it?"
With these two facts in my possession I felt that either my intelligence or my courage must be deficient if I could not throw some further light upon these dark places.
Holmes raised his eyebrows in surprise. "I had no idea that so gigantic a sum was involved," said he.
"Well, I am glad from my heart that you are here, for indeed the responsibility and the mystery were both becoming too much for my nerves.
A small fly or moth had fluttered across our path, and in an instant Stapleton was rushing with extraordinary energy and speed in pursuit of it.
The man with the blue coat and the roll of paper is Sir William Baskerville, who was Chairman of Committees of the House of Commons under Pitt."
The sending of this letter was suggested to you by Stapleton?"
"And then after you had sent the letter he dissuaded you from keeping the appointment?"
This I promised, and so the matter rests."
The supra-orbital crest, the facial angle, the maxillary curve, the --"
It filled the whole air, and yet it was impossible to say whence it came.
It is suggestive that Anthony is not a common name in England, while Antonio is so in all Spanish or Spanish-American countries.
Bronzing bracken and mottled bramble gleamed in the light of the sinking sun. Still steadily rising, we passed over a narrow granite bridge, and skirted a noisy stream which gushed swiftly down, foaming and roaring amid the gray boulders.
"You will observe, Watson, the alternative use of the long s and the short.
"Well, I've had a good day and no mistake," said the cabman, with a grin. "What was it you wanted to ask, sir?"
If there is any mistake it is for Mr. Barrymore himself to complain."
It follows, therefore, that Barrymore, since only this window would serve the purpose, must have been looking out for something or somebody upon the moor. The night was very dark, so that I can hardly imagine how he could have hoped to see anyone.
When the facts come out in Frankland v. Regina I venture to think that a thrill of indignation will run through the country.
Even Baskerville fell silent and pulled his overcoat more closely around him.
"He cannot leave town at present. He has other cases which engage his attention."
"Why should I go back?" I asked.
If you will wait, one or other of us will go back with you to the Hall."
"Because I had only just learned that he was going to London next day and might be away for months.
"Is he safe?" she asked. "Has he escaped?"
"I suppose it is pretty thick, now that you mention it."
It is true that I have had only the one glance at him, and yet there are some things to which I am ready to swear.
"I was looking out for loiterers in the street, but I saw none. We are dealing with a clever man, Watson.
It was then that it left the print which was actually observed by Dr. Mortimer. The hound was called off and hurried away to its lair in the Grimpen Mire, and a mystery was left which puzzled the authorities, alarmed the country-side, and finally brought the case within the scope of our observation.
It is a white wooden gate with a latch. Beyond it lies the wide moor.
For some minutes he stood watching intently. Then he gave a deep groan and with an impatient gesture he put out the light.
It had wandered on to the moor and had never come back. I gave him such consolation as I might, but I thought of the pony on the Grimpen Mire, and I do not fancy that he will see his little dog again.
He had risen and paced the room as he spoke.
He had not followed me himself, but he had set an agent--the boy, perhaps--upon my track, and this was his report.
Mrs. Laura Lyons was in her office, and Sherlock Holmes opened his interview with a frankness and directness which considerably amazed her.
He had hoped that his wife might lure Sir Charles to his ruin, but here she proved unexpectedly independent.
When he reached the crest I saw the ragged uncouth figure outlined for an instant against the cold blue sky.
"I did not say that I had read all the letter."
You saw me, perhaps, on the night of the convict hunt, when I was so imprudent as to allow the moon to rise behind me?"
"No, I must go. I shall probably find some work awaiting me.
But how could I know--how could l know--that he would risk his life alone upon the moor in the face of all my warnings?"
There seemed to be no alternative but to catch him red-handed, and to do so we had to use Sir Henry, alone and apparently unprotected, as a bait. We did so, and at the cost of a severe shock to our client we succeeded in completing our case and driving Stapleton to his destruction.
There's the devilish cunning of it! If he were acting through a human agent we could get some evidence, but if we were to drag this great dog to the light of day it would not help us in putting a rope round the neck of its master."
Your advice, then, as I understand it, is that the young man will be as safe in Devonshire as in London.
"I think that we might venture a little farther than this. Look at it in this light. On what occasion would it be most probable that such a presentation would be made? When would his friends unite to give him a pledge of their good will? Obviously at the moment when Dr. Mortimer withdrew from the service of the hospital in order to start in practice for himself. We know there has been a presentation. We believe there has been a change from a town hospital to a country practice. Is it, then, stretching our inference too far to say that the presentation was on the occasion of the change?"
Then as he grew older he met wicked companions, and the devil entered into him until he broke my mother's heart and dragged our name in the dirt.
I told you in London, Watson, and I tell you now again, that we have never had a foeman more worthy of our steel."
He knew that I was here and that we could not refuse to help him.
"I fail to see how you could have done more."
"There now!" said Holmes bitterly as he emerged panting and white with vexation from the tide of vehicles.
"That is curious, for I did when I was half asleep fancy that I heard something of the sort.
I thought that a few months among the distractions of town would send him back a new man.
You see, for example, this great plain to the north here with the queer hills breaking out of it.
"We have books, we have our studies, and we have interesting neighbours.
Look at this stranger hiding out yonder, and watching and waiting! What's he waiting for?
And then I thought of that other one--the face in the cab, the figure against the moon. Was he also out in that deluged--the unseen watcher, the man of darkness?
All afternoon and late into the evening he sat lost in tobacco and thought.
This is the Devon County Chronicle of May 14th of this year.
"It was the window, sir. I go round at night to see that they are fastened."
As if in answer to his words there rose suddenly out of the vast gloom of the moor that strange cry which I had already heard upon the borders of the great Grimpen Mire.
"My good fellow, this is a very serious business, and you may find yourself in a pretty bad position if you try to hide anything from me. You say that your fare told you that he was a detective?"
"Mr. Holmes, they were the footprints of a gigantic hound!"
She turned and had disappeared in a few minutes among the scattered boulders, while I, with my soul full of vague fears, pursued my way to Baskerville Hall.
Is that a place where a shepherd would be likely to take his station?
"I may have spoken too warmly, sir," said he, "and if I have, I am sure that I beg your pardon.
Poor Sir Charles's head was of a very rare type, half Gaelic, half Ivernian in its characteristics.
"What is it?" we both cried.
We'll sit up in my room to-night and wait until he passes." Sir Henry rubbed his hands with pleasure, and it was evident that he hailed the adventure as a relief to his somewhat quiet life upon the moor.
"No, no. I remember the thrill in your voice.
What passion of hatred can it be which leads a man to lurk in such a place at such a time! And what deep and earnest purpose can he have which calls for such a trial!
I knew Sir Charles's generosity, and I thought that if he heard the story from my own lips he would help me."
"A dog!" said Holmes. "By Jove, a curly-haired spaniel.
I looked at the broad plumed hat, the curling love-locks, the white lace collar, and the straight, severe face which was framed between them.
It was a most melancholy vigil, and ended by each of us falling asleep in our chairs. Fortunately we were not discouraged, and we determined to try again.
These details are all of great interest.
Sir Henry and I both stared at the woman in amazement.
If it concerned no one but myself I would not try to keep it from you."
You are in time to see a tragedy."
Sir Henry has, I suppose, no superstitious fears in the matter?"
The gleam of the match which he struck shone upon his clotted fingers and upon the ghastly pool which widened slowly from the crushed skull of the victim. And it shone upon something else which turned our hearts sick and faint within us--the body of Sir Henry Baskerville!
But the manuscript is short and is intimately connected with the affair.
I would stay to show you over the house, but Barrymore will be a better guide than I. Good-bye, and never hesitate night or day to send for me if I can be of service."
"Yes, once or twice, when he came into Coombe Tracey.
"Is there anything between the hedges and the walk?"
But as to my uncle's death--well, it all seems boiling up in my head, and I can't get it clear yet.
That is his mark. Yes, you will find some very singular points about the moor, Dr. Watson.
Yet I am certain that he does not wish their intimacy to ripen into love, and I have several times observed that he has taken pains to prevent them from being t&circ;te-&hellip;-t&circ;te.
What all this meant I could not imagine, but I was deeply ashamed to have witnessed so intimate a scene without my friend's knowledge.
Yes, I should not be surprised to learn that what we have heard is the cry of the last of the bitterns."
"So much for the death of Sir Charles Baskerville. You perceive the devilish cunning of it, for really it would be almost impossible to make a case against the real murderer.
His heart was, I knew, affected, and the constant anxiety in which he lived, however chimerical the cause of it might be, was evidently having a serious effect upon his health.
I saw his dark face lit up with a boyish enthusiasm as he gazed about him. The light beat upon him where he stood, but long shadows trailed down the walls and hung like a black canopy above him. Barrymore had returned from taking our luggage to our rooms. He stood in front of us now with the subdued manner of a well-trained servant. He was a remarkable-looking man, tall, handsome, with a square black beard and pale, distinguished features.
That Sir Henry should have been exposed to this is, I must confess, a reproach to my management of the case, but we had no means of foreseeing the terrible and paralyzing spectacle which the beast presented, nor could we predict the fog which enabled him to burst upon us at such short notice. We succeeded in our object at a cost which both the specialist and Dr. Mortimer assure me will be a temporary one.
"I have only been here two years.
"But how about the chance of his holding someone up before he goes?"
How could he claim it without causing suspicion and inquiry?"
"I don't know, sir. I hope to heaven that he has gone, for he has brought nothing but trouble here! I've not heard of him since I left out food for him last, and that was three days ago."
"It may be so placed as to be only visible from here."
The law is upon his side, and every day I am faced by the possibility that he may force me to live with him.
I learned at the British Museum that he was a recognized authority upon the subject, and that the name of Vandeleur has been permanently attached to a certain moth which he had, in his Yorkshire days, been the first to describe.
He did, as a matter of fact, marry, and had one child, this fellow, whose real name is the same as his father's.
He spoke unconcernedly, but his small light eyes glanced incessantly from the girl to me.
"Yes; Sir Charles was very fond of talking about the provisions of his will."
"Then you are yourself inclining to the supernatural explanation."
If she had to leave him he had rather it was to a neighbour like myself than to anyone else. But in any case it was a blow to him, and it would take him some time before he could prepare himself to meet it.
Tell me straight, now! Is there anything that would prevent me from making a good husband to a woman that I loved?"
When he did not come I was surprised, and I naturally became alarmed for his safety when I heard cries upon the moor.
For a moment or two I sat breathless, hardly able to believe my ears. Then my senses and my voice came back to me, while a crushing weight of responsibility seemed in an instant to be lifted from my soul.
That should let us know before evening whether Barrymore is at his post in Devonshire or not."
"I know it because I have seen with my own eyes the messenger who takes him his food."
"What is this, Perkins?" asked Dr. Mortimer.
They all agreed that it was a huge creature, luminous, ghastly, and spectral.
"It was at my advice that Sir Charles was about to go to London.
A cast of your skull, sir, until the original is available, would be an ornament to any anthropological museum.
By chance, however, the first boot which was procured for him was a new one and, therefore, useless for his purpose.
I was dependent upon him for food and clean linen.
Sir Charles was a retiring man, but the chance of his illness brought us together, and a community of interests in science kept us so.
"For the very simple reason that I see the dog himself on our very door-step, and there is the ring of its owner.
Students of criminology will remember the analogous incidents in Godno, in Little Russia, in the year '66, and of course there are the Anderson murders in North Carolina, but this case possesses some features which are entirely its own. Even now we have no clear case against this very wily man.
And yet, if it were not for the loss of the charming companionship of the boys, I could rejoice over my own misfortune, for, with my strong tastes for botany and zoology, I find an unlimited field of work here, and my sister is as devoted to Nature as I am.
I have ample evidence that you are being dogged in London, and amid the millions of this great city it is difficult to discover who these people are or what their object can be.
More wise than those who go on until the wheel turns against them, he realized his gains and returned to England with them. It is only two years since he took up his residence at Baskerville Hall, and it is common talk how large were those schemes of reconstruction and improvement which have been interrupted by his death.
From crime to crime he sank lower and lower, until it is only the mercy of God which has snatched him from the scaffold; but to me, sir, he was always the little curly-headed boy that I had nursed and played with, as an elder sister would.
There are indications that the man was crazed with fear before ever he began to run."
As I looked from their windows at the interminable granite-flecked moor rolling unbroken to the farthest horizon I could not but marvel at what could have brought this highly educated man and this beautiful woman to live in such a place.
He had brought back much scientific information from South Africa, and many a charming evening we have spent together discussing the comparative anatomy of the Bushman and the Hottentot.
It's the pet story of the family, though I never thought of taking it seriously before.
If that were so, and it seems most probable, only a man who had lost his wits would have run from the house instead of towards it.
As I approached the hut, walking as warily as Stapleton would do when with poised net he drew near the settled butterfly, I satisfied myself that the place had indeed been used as a habitation.
Now, Watson, I think that we cannot employ our time better than by calling upon your acquaintance, Mrs. Laura Lyons."
"It would be a rare place for a gallop."
So you actually thought that I was the criminal?"
"Yes, I have thought a good deal of it in the course of the day."
"And have no doubt searched all the huts until you came to this one?"
"Well, I'll answer," she said. "What are your questions?"
A key turned in a lock, and as he passed in there was a curious scuffling noise from within.
A vague pathway among the boulders led to the dilapidated opening which served as a door.
Read them and see if you can doubt the identity of these people."
You did not know, Dr. Mortimer, that you were followed this morning from my house?"
I can still remember your complete indifference as to whether the sun moved round the earth or the earth round the sun.
"No, this is my friend Dr. Watson."
"If he isn't out in a quarter of an hour the path will be covered.
She had learned something of the death of the convict, and she knew that the hound was being kept in the out-house on the evening that Sir Henry was coming to dinner. She taxed her husband with his intended crime, and a furious scene followed, in which he showed her for the first time that she had a rival in his love.
"Now, tell me, Dr. Mortimer--and this is important--the marks which you saw were on the path and not on the grass?"
The house is banked in with rolling clouds, which rise now and then to show the dreary curves of the moor, with thin, silver veins upon the sides of the hills, and the distant boulders gleaming where the light strikes upon their wet faces.
"But I can't forget them, Miss Stapleton," said I. "I am Sir Henry's friend, and his welfare is a very close concern of mine.
"Look here, Barrymore," said Sir Henry, sternly; "we have made up our minds to have the truth out of you, so it will save you trouble to tell it sooner rather than later.
"The devil's agents may be of flesh and blood, may they not?
The room had been fashioned into a small museum, and the walls were lined by a number of glass-topped cases full of that collection of butterflies and moths the formation of which had been the relaxation of this complex and dangerous man.
It was a sweet, simple country spot, but I was surprised to observe that by the gate there stood two soldierly men in dark uniforms, who leaned upon their short rifles and glanced keenly at us as we passed. The coachman, a hard-faced, gnarled little fellow, saluted Sir Henry Baskerville, and in a few minutes we were flying swiftly down the broad, white road.
Let me have a report by wire at Baker Street before evening.
"I see. And you saw no more of him?"
"You mean that the thing is supernatural?"
However, if it suits you, we will retire early to-night, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in the morning."
And yet I can find my way to the very heart of it and return alive. By George, there is another of those miserable ponies!"
Why should he wish to live at the place of danger?"
We never saw the hound. We heard it; but we could not prove that it was running upon this man's trail.
It was all dim and vague, but always there is the dark shadow of crime behind it.
In any case you will hear from me again in the course of the next few days.
'You may be cajoled into imagining that your own special trade or your own industry will be encouraged by a protective tariff, but it stands to reason that such legislation must in the long run keep away wealth from the country, diminish the value of our imports, and lower the general conditions of life in this island.' What do you think of that, Watson?" cried Holmes in high glee, rubbing his hands together with satisfaction.
"No doubt, but this was no sheep-dog."
"Perhaps then he pays a visit every night to that particular window," I suggested.
"There's someone in here," cried Lestrade. "I can hear a movement.
There were the two towers of Baskerville Hall, and there a distant blur of smoke which marked the village of Grimpen. Between the two, behind the hill, was the house of the Stapletons.
He said that it might be the calling of a strange bird."
But sometimes a letter may be legible even when burned. You acknowledge now that you wrote it?"
It was there that he kept his hound and there also he had made preparations so that he might have a refuge. That is where he would fly."
The scent suggested the presence of a lady, and already my thoughts began to turn towards the Stapletons.
Our driver half turned in his seat.
"It was imprudent, all the same," said Holmes, shaking his head and looking very grave. "I beg, Sir Henry, that you will not go about alone.
"You'll be surprised to hear that his food is taken to him by a child.
He was deeply impressed with the curse which hung over the family, and when this tragedy came I naturally felt that there must be some grounds for the fears which he had expressed. I was distressed therefore when another member of the family came down to live here, and I felt that he should be warned of the danger which he will run.
But the moor with its mysteries and its strange inhabitants remains as inscrutable as ever.
"Well, mislaid it, anyhow. I put them both outside my door last night, and there was only one in the morning.
I caught one glimpse of his short, squat, strongly- built figure as he sprang to his feet and turned to run.
In truth, it was partly for your own sake that I did it, and it was my appreciation of the danger which you ran which led me to come down and examine the matter for myself.
The idea of some ghastly presence constantly haunted him, and on more than one occasion he has asked me whether I had on my medical journeys at night ever seen any strange creature or heard the baying of a hound.
"It seems to leave the darkness rather blacker than before."
"If matters came to a crisis I should endeavour to be present in person; but you can understand that, with my extensive consulting practice and with the constant appeals which reach me from many quarters, it is impossible for me to be absent from London for an indefinite time.
You don't believe such nonsense as that?" said I.
"It is a lovely evening, my dear Watson," said a well-known voice. "I really think that you will be more comfortable outside than in."
"How on earth did you do that?"
"Ah, you have a right to know about him.
"I have a good mind to go to London with you," said the baronet. "Why should I stay here alone?"
So far I have been able to quote from the reports which I have forwarded during these early days to Sherlock Holmes. Now, however, I have arrived at a point in my narrative where I am compelled to abandon this method and to trust once more to my recollections, aided by the diary which I kept at the time.
"If I had only been there!" he cried. "It is evidently a case of extraordinary interest, and one which presented immense opportunities to the scientific expert.
Watson, Watson, if you are an honest man you will record this also and set it against my successes!"
"I am more to blame than you, Watson.
"The more reason why you should avoid a public investigation."
"No, sir; I tell you he was in the loft."
But I was eager to get back to my charge. The melancholy of the moor, the death of the unfortunate pony, the weird sound which had been associated with the grim legend of the Baskervilles, all these things tinged my thoughts with sadness.
"He followed the hound to call him off--of that you may be certain.
The least appearance of opposition struck fire out of the old autocrat. His eyes looked malignantly at me, and his gray whiskers bristled like those of an angry cat.
"Into his own hands?" I asked.
The boy returned with a telegram, which Holmes handed to me.
And even as they looked the thing tore the throat out of Hugo Baskerville, on which, as it turned its blazing eyes and dripping jaws upon them, the three shrieked with fear and rode for dear life, still screaming, across the moor.
"Yes, it is an interesting instance of a throwback, which appears to be both physical and spiritual.
It was the end of November and Holmes and I sat, upon a raw and foggy night, on either side of a blazing fire in our sitting-room in Baker Street. Since the tragic upshot of our visit to Devonshire he had been engaged in two affairs of the utmost importance, in the first of which he had exposed the atrocious conduct of Colonel Upwood in connection with the famous card scandal of the Nonpareil Club, while in the second he had defended the unfortunate Mme. Montpensier from the charge of murder which hung over her in connection with the death of her step-daughter, Mlle. Carere, the young lady who, as it will be remembered, was found six months later alive and married in New York.
If I could lay my hands upon that man, then at last we might find ourselves at the end of all our difficulties. To this one purpose I must now devote all my energies.
"I find that before the terrible event occurred several people had seen a creature upon the moor which corresponds with this Baskerville demon, and which could not possibly be any animal known to science.
Sherlock Holmes struck his hand against his knee with an impatient gesture.
"I cannot explain." She spoke in a low, eager voice, with a curious lisp in her utterance.
"Then on Saturday, unless you hear to the contrary, we shall meet at the 10:30 train from Paddington."
"No, sir, no; though I am happy to have had the opportunity of doing that as well.
I closed the curtain, feeling that my last impression was in keeping with the rest.
It was suggested, of course, by the story of the family hell-hound, and by the desire to frighten old Sir Charles to death.
Then another and yet another, coming nearer and nearer. I shrank back into the darkest corner, and cocked the pistol in my pocket, determined not to discover myself until I had an opportunity of seeing something of the stranger.
I fear that we shall never again be easy in our minds at Baskerville Hall."
Black beams shot across above our heads, with a smoke-darkened ceiling beyond them. With rows of flaring torches to light it up, and the colour and rude hilarity of an old-time banquet, it might have softened; but now, when two black-clothed gentlemen sat in the little circle of light thrown by a shaded lamp, one's voice became hushed and one's spirit subdued.
A little investigation showed me that a school had come to grief under atrocious circumstances, and that the man who had owned it--the name was different--had disappeared with his wife.
"Yes. I was telling Sir Henry that it was rather late for him to see the true beauties of the moor."
No, Sir Henry, you must take with you someone, a trusty man, who will be always by your side."
That was all which I intended to convey.
"Yes, I think it would be as well."
Through the haze I had a vague vision of Holmes in his dressing-gown coiled up in an armchair with his black clay pipe between his lips.
Holmes laid his hand upon my arm.
Some blankets rolled in a waterproof lay upon that very stone slab upon which Neolithic man had once slumbered. The ashes of a fire were heaped in a rude grate.
"We are not much better off to-night. Again, there was no direct connection between the hound and the man's death.
When you know me better you will understand that I cannot always give reasons for what I say or do."
Mrs. Lyons knew neither of these things, but had been impressed by the death occurring at the time of an uncancelled appointment which was only known to him.
"And you say you can penetrate it?"
"And so was I at first. But there was no getting out of it."
"It's all these goings-on, sir," he cried at last, waving his hand towards the rain-lashed window which faced the moor. "There's foul play somewhere, and there's black villainy brewing, to that I'll swear! Very glad I should be, sir, to see Sir Henry on his way back to London again!"
His reason for attempting this special line of business was that he had struck up an acquaintance with a consumptive tutor upon the voyage home, and that he had used this man's ability to make the undertaking a success.
He was once a schoolmaster in the north of England.
Dr. Mortimer turned the manuscript to the light and read in a high, cracking voice the following curious, old-world narrative:--
The ring at the bell proved to be something even more satisfactory than an answer, however, for the door opened and a rough-looking fellow entered who was evidently the man himself.
No, no, we will preserve them upon our list of suspects.
The incidents of the next few days are indelibly graven upon my recollection, and I can tell them without reference to the notes made at the time.
"Well, it depends upon what you think worth reporting."
"Then my reports have all been wasted!"--My voice trembled as I recalled the pains and the pride with which I had composed them.
"Come out," said he, "and please be careful with the revolver."
If absent, please return wire to Sir Henry Baskerville, Northumberland Hotel.'
"I do not believe in such nonsense."
As her beautiful head fell upon her chest I saw the clear red weal of a whiplash across her neck.
"Not a shadow of one--only surmise and conjecture.
We had risen from our rocks and were turning to go home, having abandoned the hopeless chase.
From amid a tuft of cotton grass which bore it up out of the slime some dark thing was projecting. Holmes sank to his waist as he stepped from the path to seize it, and had we not been there to drag him out he could never have set his foot upon firm land again.
You will find a few notes upon the matter under the heading B in my indexed list of cases."
We had risen to depart when Baskerville gave a cry, of triumph, and diving into one of the corners of the room he drew a brown boot from under a cabinet.
"A false step yonder means death to man or beast.
"I understand that the yew hedge is penetrated at one point by a gate?"
An agitated German waiter had appeared upon the scene.
I am proud to say that I had no interest in the matter. I act entirely from a sense of public duty.
"I have no doubt that you would have had a more lively evening," said Holmes drily. "By the way, I don't suppose you appreciate that we have been mourning over you as having broken your neck?"
When I came round the balcony he had reached the end of the farther corridor, and I could see from the glimmer of light through an open door that he had entered one of the rooms.
"For you to know could not have helped us, and might possibly have led to my discovery. You would have wished to tell me something, or in your kindness you would have brought me out some comfort or other, and so an unnecessary risk would be run.
On seeing him lying still the creature had probably approached to sniff at him, but finding him dead had turned away again.
There are seventy-five perfumes, which it is very necessary that a criminal expert should be able to distinguish from each other, and cases have more than once within my own experience depended upon their prompt recognition.
"But why keep me in the dark?"
Did he find out where he hid, or what he was doing?"
It was just such a stick as the old-fashioned family practitioner used to carry--dignified, solid, and reassuring.
"We have to go, Eliza. This is the end of it. You can pack our things," said the butler.
On the upper floor, however, one of the bedroom doors was locked.
Dr. Mortimer looked at Holmes with an air of professional interest, and Sir Henry Baskerville turned a pair of puzzled dark eyes upon me.
"I must thank you," said Sherlock Holmes, "for calling my attention to a case which certainly presents some features of interest.
The County Constabulary is in a scandalous state, sir, and it has not afforded me the protection to which I am entitled.
It contained a loaf of bread, a tinned tongue, and two tins of preserved peaches.
"Very large." He unrolled one section and held it over his knee. "Here you have the particular district which concerns us. That is Baskerville Hall in the middle."
If you seriously desire to deceive me you must change your tobacconist; for when I see the stub of a cigarette marked Bradley, Oxford Street, I know that my friend Watson is in the neighbourhood. You will see it there beside the path.
Stapleton's first idea was that this young stranger from Canada might possibly be done to death in London without coming down to Devonshire at all.
"If you didn't see him, how do you know he was in the loft?"
Her eyes were on her brother as I turned, and then she quickened her pace towards me.
"What do you make of it yourself?"
Are you strong enough to stand?"
"I heard it distinctly, and I am sure that it was really the sob of a woman."
The residue all went to Sir Henry."
When Mortimer told me your name he could not deny your identity. If you are here, then it follows that Mr. Sherlock Holmes is interesting himself in the matter, and I am naturally curious to know what view he may take."
"Selden found out that he has got a lad who works for him and brings him all he needs.
"Might I trouble you for it--the inside page, please, with the leading articles?" He glanced swiftly over it, running his eyes up and down the columns.
That cold, incisive, ironical voice could belong to but one man in all the world.
And he hurled it away at this point of his flight.
"Watson," said the baronet, "it was the cry of a hound."
My motive for withholding it from the coroner's inquiry is that a man of science shrinks from placing himself in the public position of seeming to indorse a popular superstition.
"There is no other claimant, I presume?"
He might have been the very spirit of that terrible place. It was not the convict.
In my last report I ended upon my top note with Barrymore at the window, and now I have quite a budget already which will, unless I am much mistaken, considerably surprise you.
But we'll search the house and make sure."
Don't you think, Watson, that you are away from your charge rather long?
He frightened me into remaining silent."
Broad bars of golden light from the lower windows stretched across the orchard and the moor.
I told them that they would have occasion to regret their treatment of me, and already my words have come true."
"It may cause him to be more cautious, or it may drive him to desperate measures at once.
But at length some sense came back to their crazed minds, and the whole of them, thirteen in number, took horse and started in pursuit. The moon shone clear above them, and they rode swiftly abreast, taking that course which the maid must needs have taken if she were to reach her own home.
The whole steep slope was covered with gray circular rings of stone, a score of them at least.
"That is Rear-Admiral Baskerville, who served under Rodney in the West Indies.
"You have always kept together, I presume?"
Then the baronet gently opened his door and we set out in pursuit.
Cartwright had come down with me, and in his disguise as a country boy he was of great assistance to me.
When you are once out upon its bosom you have left all traces of modern England behind you, but on the other hand you are conscious everywhere of the homes and the work of the prehistoric people.
We followed their cab until it pulled up somewhere near here."
"A moderate walk along this moor-path brings us to Merripit House," said he. "Perhaps you will spare an hour that I may have the pleasure of introducing you to my sister."
He is no one whom I have seen down here, and I have now met all the neighbours.
"Perhaps you would kindly give me a sketch of the course of events from memory."
"But it is a very singular thing," Dr. Mortimer remarked. "I searched this room carefully before lunch."
The noise could not have been far away and was certainly in the house. For half an hour I waited with every nerve on the alert, but there came no other sound save the chiming clock and the rustle of the ivy on the wall.
"Excellent, Watson! And how did you localize me?
The more formal we made the visit the less information we might obtain.
I start then from the day which succeeded that upon which I had established two facts of great importance, the one that Mrs. Laura Lyons of Coombe Tracey had written to Sir Charles Baskerville and made an appointment with him at the very place and hour that he met his death, the other that the lurking man upon the moor was to be found among the stone huts upon the hill-side.
In mere size and strength it was a terrible creature which was lying stretched before us. It was not a pure bloodhound and it was not a pure mastiff; but it appeared to be a combination of the two--gaunt, savage, and as large as a small lioness.
All this, Dr. Watson, has been brought upon your head by your expression as you surveyed the moor out of our window."
"Surely you are mistaken about his trade?"
On an emergency he could keep the hound in the out-house at Merripit, but it was always a risk, and it was only on the supreme day, which he regarded as the end of all his efforts, that he dared do it.
"It is Selden, the Notting Hill murderer."
"Why then, did you not write to Sir Charles and explain this?"
"So far as I can follow you, then, Mr. Holmes," said Sir Henry Baskerville, "someone cut out this message with a scissors--"
"You say, Watson, that the lady is not there?" Holmes asked, when I had finished my report.
But he will never trouble anyone in this country again.
She met my difficulty with the utmost readiness.
The moon was low upon the right, and the jagged pinnacle of a granite tor stood up against the lower curve of its silver disc.
This, in truth, his neighbours might have pardoned, seeing that saints have never flourished in those parts, but there was in him a certain wanton and cruel humour which made his name a byword through the West.
The fact is that our friend, the baronet, begins to display a considerable interest in our fair neighbour.
A steep curve of heath-clad land, an outlying spur of the moor, lay in front of us. On the summit, hard and clear like an equestrian statue upon its pedestal, was a mounted soldier, dark and stern, his rifle poised ready over his forearm. He was watching the road along which we travelled.
If he would confine his energies to this all would be well, but there are rumours that he intends to prosecute Dr. Mortimer for opening a grave without the consent of the next-of-kin, because he dug up the Neolithic skull in the barrow on Long Down.
The butler brought me my coffee into the library, and I took the chance to ask him a few questions.
I am sorry to intrude, but you heard how earnestly Holmes insisted that I should not leave you, and especially that you should not go alone upon the moor."
"If you had told us of your own free will it would have been a different thing," said the baronet, "you only told us, or rather your wife only told us, when it was forced from you and you could not help yourself."
"Really, sir, this is a very extraordinary question."
To all the world he was the man of violence, half animal and half demon; but to her he always remained the little wilful boy of her own girlhood, the child who had clung to her hand.
He had uttered a cry and bent over the body. Now he was dancing and laughing and wringing my hand.
My friend and I are also ready for emergencies."
"What! you don't mean to say----?"
The man is a striking-looking fellow, very well equipped to steal the heart of a country girl, so that this theory seemed to have something to support it. That opening of the door which I had heard after I had returned to my room might mean that he had gone out to keep some clandestine appointment.
But you were very young when you last saw Baskerville Hall, were you not?"
He is an elderly man, red-faced, white-haired, and choleric.
I had observed some newspaper comment at the time, but I was exceedingly preoccupied by that little affair of the Vatican cameos, and in my anxiety to oblige the Pope I lost touch with several interesting English cases.
I have seen the boy again and again with his bundle. Every day, and sometimes twice a day, I have been able--but wait a moment, Dr. Watson.
For a minute I stood there with the paper in my hands thinking out the meaning of this curt message. It was I, then, and not Sir Henry, who was being dogged by this secret man.
"Well, then, here is your half-sovereign. There's another one waiting for you if you can bring any more information.
"In each case the outside porter will send for the hall porter, to whom also you will give a shilling.
We all three shook hands, and I saw at once from the reverential way in which Lestrade gazed at my companion that he had learned a good deal since the days when they had first worked together.
Are you sure of what you say? How could he have permitted Sir Henry to fall in love with her?"
Looking over, I saw the naturalist pause at the door of an out-house in the corner of the orchard.
Now, you rascal, do you deny that it is a signal?
"It is possible that Stapleton did not know of the existence of an heir in Canada. In any case he would very soon learn it from his friend Dr. Mortimer, and he was told by the latter all details about the arrival of Henry Baskerville.
The cry had been loud on account of its vehemence, but it had pealed out from somewhere far off on the shadowy plain. Now it burst upon our ears, nearer, louder, more urgent than before.
"Yes, there is a strip of grass about six feet broad on either side."
"He and his wife had five hundred pounds each."
I didn't know that you found time for such things."
Sherlock Holmes had, in a very remarkable degree, the power of detaching his mind at will.
For both these reasons I thought that I was justified in telling rather less than I knew, since no practical good could result from it, but with you there is no reason why I should not be perfectly frank.
"Well, I understand that they get five pounds if they can give information."
It was on his track, and not upon the convict's, that Frankland had stumbled.
If your position is innocent, why did you in the first instance deny having written to Sir Charles upon that date?"
We were admitted by a strange, wizened, rusty-coated old manservant, who seemed in keeping with the house.
I have some recollection, Wilson, that you had among your boys a lad named Cartwright, who showed some ability during the investigation."
Her eyes blazed at me, and she tapped the ground impatiently with her foot.
"Would it not be well in the first place to get rid of this Barrymore couple?"
Prehistoric man lived thickly on the moor, and as no one in particular has lived there since, we find all his little arrangements exactly as he left them. These are his wigwams with the roofs off.
"I got a message from the head office that a gent at this address had been inquiring for 2704," said he. "I've driven my cab this seven years and never a word of complaint. I came here straight from the Yard to ask you to your face what you had against me."
"Good heaven! Did no one examine?"
"Hist!" cried Holmes, and I heard the sharp click of a cocking pistol. "Look out! It's coming!"
Barrymore hesitated for a moment, as if he regretted his outburst, or found it difficult to express his own feelings in words.
At the same moment the convict screamed out a curse at us and hurled a rock which splintered up against the boulder which had sheltered us.
He is said to have about seven lawsuits upon his hands at present, which will probably swallow up the remainder of his fortune and so draw his sting and leave him harmless for the future. Apart from the law he seems a kindly, good-natured person, and I only mention him because you were particular that I should send some description of the people who surround us.
"I observed it as you entered the room," said Holmes.
"Ah, Wilson, I see you have not forgotten the little case in which I had the good fortune to help you?"
"Your net and box would have told me as much," said I, "for I knew that Mr. Stapleton was a naturalist.
The avenue opened into a broad expanse of turf, and the house lay before us. In the fading light I could see that the centre was a heavy block of building from which a porch projected. The whole front was draped in ivy, with a patch clipped bare here and there where a window or a coat-of-arms broke through the dark veil. >From this central block rose the twin towers, ancient, crenelated, and pierced with many loopholes. To right and left of the turrets were more modern wings of black granite. A dull light shone through heavy mullioned windows, and from the high chimneys which rose from the steep, high-angled roof there sprang a single black column of smoke.
Like most clever criminals, he may be too confident in his own cleverness and imagine that he has completely deceived us."
Sir Henry and Dr. Mortimer were, however, in London, on their way to that long voyage which had been recommended for the restoration of his shattered nerves. They had called upon us that very afternoon, so that it was natural that the subject should come up for discussion.
An orchard surrounded it, but the trees, as is usual upon the moor, were stunted and nipped, and the effect of the whole place was mean and melancholy.
"My word, it does not seem a very cheerful place," said the detective with a shiver, glancing round him at the gloomy slopes of the hill and at the huge lake of fog which lay over the Grimpen Mire. "I see the lights of a house ahead of us."
"No doubt. There only remains one difficulty.
May I inquire who has the honour to be the first?" asked Holmes with some asperity.
"Very good; and I will ask you also to do it blindly, without always asking the reason."
"Ha, ha, my boy, a very much more important matter than that!
"What can I tell you about him?" she asked, and her fingers played nervously over the stops of her typewriter.
He has been excavating a barrow at Long Down, and has got a prehistoric skull which fills him with great joy. Never was there such a single-minded enthusiast as he!
"There go two of my threads, Watson. There is nothing more stimulating than a case where everything goes against you.
"It is murder, Watson--refined, cold-blooded, deliberate murder. Do not ask me for particulars.
And I should be glad to have change of this five-pound note."
With his brutal and violent nature, others would have to pay the price if we held our hands.
"Yes, sir, my name was Selden, and he is my younger brother. We humoured him too much when he was a lad, and gave him his own way in everything until he came to think that the world was made for his pleasure, and that he could do what he liked in it.
"That's the truth, sir," said Barrymore. "I said that it was not my secret and that I could not tell it to you.
"I should say that it was much more likely that it was the son of one of the moorland shepherds taking out his father's dinner."
Out of the envelope he took a half-sheet of foolscap paper folded into four.
"Since Rodger Baskerville, Sir Charles's younger brother died unmarried, the estate would descend to the Desmonds, who are distant cousins.
Our conversation was hampered by the presence of the driver of the hired wagonette, so that we were forced to talk of trivial matters when our nerves were tense with emotion and anticipation.
At the far end is an old tumble-down summer-house. Half-way down is the moor-gate, where the old gentleman left his cigar-ash.
They were the only signs of human life which I could see, save only those prehistoric huts which lay thickly upon the slopes of the hills. Nowhere was there any trace of that lonely man whom I had seen on the same spot two nights before.
He said that he was a detective, and he offered me two guineas if I would do exactly what he wanted all day and ask no questions.
He wanted to know the object of my inquiries, but I managed to satisfy his curiosity without telling him too much, for there is no reason why we should take anyone into our confidence.
Why should a man walk on tiptoe down the alley?"
"That's better," said he, seeing the shadow rise from my face.
Then we gazed round us at the high, thin window of old stained glass, the oak panelling, the stags' heads, the coats-of-arms upon the walls, all dim and sombre in the subdued light of the central lamp.
Dr. Mortimer is a most learned man in his own line. Poor Sir Charles was also an admirable companion.
You may possibly have heard my name from our mutual friend, Mortimer.
Was it possible that this stolidly respectable person was of the same blood as one of the most notorious criminals in the country?
"That we should have heard his screams--my God, those screams!--and yet have been unable to save him!
I have told you that the corridor is broken by the balcony which runs round the hall, but that it is resumed upon the farther side.
The light is a signal to him that food is ready for him, and his light out yonder is to show the spot to which to bring it."
It chanced that this Hugo came to love (if, indeed, so dark a passion may be known under so bright a name) the daughter of a yeoman who held lands near the Baskerville estate.
We know at least that he came so far in safety."
There was certainly no physical injury of any kind.
Holmes laid his hand upon him, and held it up again, with an exclamation of horror.
"Really, Watson, you excel yourself," said Holmes, pushing back his chair and lighting a cigarette. "I am bound to say that in all the accounts which you have been so good as to give of my own small achievements you have habitually underrated your own abilities.
"That is one of the points upon which your own researches have shed a light. Your interview with the lady has cleared the situation very much.
There he sat, with his tweed suit and his American accent, in the corner of a prosaic railway-carriage, and yet as I looked at his dark and expressive face I felt more than ever how true a descendant he was of that long line of high-blooded, fiery, and masterful men. There were pride, valour, and strength in his thick brows, his sensitive nostrils, and his large hazel eyes.
With the exception of Mr. Frankland, of Lafter Hall, and Mr. Stapleton, the naturalist, there are no other men of education within many miles.
Between us we soon supplied his wants, and then over a belated supper we explained to the baronet as much of our experience as it seemed desirable that he should know.
"I think I will muzzle him and chain him all right if you will give me your help."
"There, I think." I pointed into the darkness.
"Really, Mr. Holmes, this exceeds anything which I could have imagined," said Dr. Mortimer, gazing at my friend in amazement. "I could understand anyone saying that the words were from a newspaper; but that you should name which, and add that it came from the leading article, is really one of the most remarkable things which I have ever known.
"The baronet himself told him about the family hound, and so prepared the way for his own death. Stapleton, as I will continue to call him, knew that the old man's heart was weak and that a shock would kill him.
He therefore put pressure upon Mrs. Lyons to write this letter, imploring the old man to give her an interview on the evening before his departure for London. He then, by a specious argument, prevented her from going, and so had the chance for which he had waited.
Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by the sound of running feet behind me and by a voice which called me by name.
We have him, Watson, we have him, and I dare swear that before to-morrow night he will be fluttering in our net as helpless as one of his own butterflies. A pin, a cork, and a card, and we add him to the Baker Street collection!"
I don't wonder that my uncle got a little jumpy if he lived all alone in such a house as this.
I don't think that I am a coward, Watson, but that sound seemed to freeze my very blood.
OCTOBER 17TH.--All day to-day the rain poured down, rustling on the ivy and dripping from the eaves.
A stranger then is still dogging us, just as a stranger dogged us in London.
Her story got about, and several of the people here did something to enable her to earn an honest living.
My friend and I were strolling on the moor when we heard a cry."
Still, I could see no better course than to observe him from the hill, and to clear my conscience by confessing to him afterwards what I had done. It is true that if any sudden danger had threatened him I was too far away to be of use, and yet I am sure that you will agree with me that the position was very difficult, and that there was nothing more which I could do.
I saw him rejoin his guest, and I crept quietly back to where my companions were waiting to tell them what I had seen.
"Then let me have the private ones."
Might I trouble you then to be ready in half an hour, and we can stop at Marcini's for a little dinner on the way?"
"One last question, Holmes," I said, as I rose. "Surely there is no need of secrecy between you and me.
Mrs. Stapleton knew that he had designs upon the old man, and also of the existence of the hound.
I fear that unless you can give me some more definite information than this it would be impossible to get him to move."
I could see as he looked down that he was repressing some internal emotion.
I assure you that there is a reign of terror in the district, and that it is a hardy man who will cross the moor at night."
"Having conceived the idea he proceeded to carry it out with considerable finesse. An ordinary schemer would have been content to work with a savage hound.
And yet it may seem a small matter in itself.
Look at Mr. Stapleton's house, for example, with no one but himself to defend it.
Just before dinner two telegrams were handed in. The first ran:--
What is the meaning of it all? What is he after?"
"On the contrary, I think we are particularly hot upon the trail, Sir Henry.
But first I had the unpleasant duty of breaking the news to Barrymore and his wife.
"Sir Charles had the reputation of being rich, but we did not know how very rich he was until we came to examine his securities.
And now, having brought you up to date in the escaped convict, the Stapletons, Dr. Mortimer, and Frankland, of Lafter Hall, let me end on that which is most important and tell you more about the Barrymores, and especially about the surprising development of last night.
Chapter 11 The Man on the Tor
His gray clothes and jerky, zigzag, irregular progress made him not unlike some huge moth himself.
In the great old-fashioned fireplace behind the high iron dogs a log-fire crackled and snapped.
"You do Sir Charles an injustice. He did burn the letter.
The other is my wife, and I can answer for it that the sound could not have come from her."
You certainly must not go alone."
She was glad to meet me, but when she did it was not love that she would talk about, and she wouldn't have let me talk about it either if she could have stopped it.
I came to you, Mr. Holmes, because I recognized that I am myself an unpractical man and because I am suddenly confronted with a most serious and extraordinary problem.
Instantly I made my way back to my room, and very shortly came the stealthy steps passing once more upon their return journey.
It is suggestive that during the last three years there have been four considerable burglaries in the West Country, for none of which was any criminal ever arrested.
"It was in the north country. The work to a man of my temperament was mechanical and uninteresting, but the privilege of living with youth, of helping to mould those young minds, and of impressing them with one's own character and ideals, was very dear to me.
He fled when he knew the game was up, still clutching it.
It meant everything to me--peace of mind, happiness, self-respect--everything.
"I suggest that we put it in one of the huts until we can communicate with the police."
It is the scientific use of the imagination, but we have always some material basis on which to start our speculation. Now, you would call it a guess, no doubt, but I am almost certain that this address has been written in a hotel."
Mr. Sherlock Holmes drove with me to the station and gave me his last parting injunctions and advice.
Holmes said little more, but the picture of the old roysterer seemed to have a fascination for him, and his eyes were continually fixed upon it during supper. It was not until later, when Sir Henry had gone to his room, that I was able to follow the trend of his thoughts.
Where had you engaged a seat?"
"Then, how can I assist you?"
"One is the scullery-maid, who sleeps in the other wing.
Any instant he might dash out the light and vanish in the darkness.
His passion is for the British law, and he has spent a large fortune in litigation. He fights for the mere pleasure of fighting and is equally ready to take up either side of a question, so that it is no wonder that he has found it a costly amusement.
"It is a wonderful place, the moor," said he, looking round over the undulating downs, long green rollers, with crests of jagged granite foaming up into fantastic surges. "You never tire of the moor. You cannot think the wonderful secrets which it contains. It is so vast, and so barren, and so mysterious."
Here are two moorland farm-houses, High Tor and Foulmire.
I followed the footsteps down the Yew Alley, I saw the spot at the moor-gate where he seemed to have waited, I remarked the change in the shape of the prints after that point, I noted that there were no other footsteps save those of Barrymore on the soft gravel, and finally I carefully examined the body, which had not been touched until my arrival.
I have no reason to be ashamed of it.
But one false statement was made by Barrymore at the inquest.
If he had not been her brother I should have known better how to answer him. As it was I told him that my feelings towards his sister were such as I was not ashamed of, and that I hoped that she might honour me by becoming my wife.
There is a complete absence of motive. No, my dear fellow; we must reconcile ourselves to the fact that we have no case at present, and that it is worth our while to run any risk in order to establish one."
"And this Cavalier opposite to me--the one with the black velvet and the lace?"
You have withheld what the connection is between these events."
"Your blood would be upon my head. I assure you that there would not be the least chance of your coming back alive.
"The object is to avoid a public scandal.
Just under the head was a broad silver band nearly an inch across. "To James Mortimer, M.R.C.S., from his friends of the C.C.H.," was engraved upon it, with the date "1884."
I have said "by one night's work," but, in truth, it was by two nights' work, for on the first we drew entirely blank.
"I was doing no harm, sir. I was holding a candle to the window."
"Have just heard that Barrymore is at the Hall.--BASKERVILLE."
When they had brought her to the Hall the maiden was placed in an upper chamber, while Hugo and his friends sat down to a long carouse, as was their nightly custom.
I had pictured him as a more robust and ruffianly person."
First we drove down to the Northumberland Hotel and waited there until two gentlemen came out and took a cab from the rank.
But you know the hotel ink and the hotel pen, where it is rare to get anything else.
We'll see it through if all the fiends of the pit were loose upon the moor."
"Why, of course, that would explain it.
"Well, of course, that is possible also. I am very much indebted to you, Dr. Mortimer, for introducing me to a problem which presents several interesting alternatives.
Whatever she may have deserved one could not allow her to go hopelessly to the bad.
A tall man had stepped from the shadow of the porch to open the door of the wagonette. The figure of a woman was silhouetted against the yellow light of the hall.
"At least I might go the length of saying that there is some evidence that this may be so."
The naturalist's angry gestures showed that the lady was included in his displeasure. The baronet stood for a minute looking after them, and then he walked slowly back the way that he had come, his head hanging, the very picture of dejection.
Poor Mortimer will never see his pet again. Well, I do not know that this place contains any secret which we have not already fathomed.
We stumbled slowly along in the darkness, with the black loom of the craggy hills around us, and the yellow speck of light burning steadily in front.
He is much attached to her, no doubt, and would lead a lonely life without her, but it would seem the height of selfishness if he were to stand in the way of her making so brilliant a marriage.
Several times Stapleton lurked about with his hound, but without avail.
"That is the great Grimpen Mire," said he.
Have you read anything else in this message, Mr. Holmes?"
Across the middle of it a single sentence had been formed by the expedient of pasting printed words upon it. It ran: "As you value your life or your reason keep away from the moor."
He would withdraw all opposition upon his part if I would promise for three months to let the matter rest and to be content with cultivating the lady's friendship during that time without claiming her love.
Corresponding member of the Swedish Pathological Society. Author of 'Some Freaks of Atavism' (Lancet 1882).
Long afterwards when I had fallen into a light sleep I heard a key turn somewhere in a lock, but I could not tell whence the sound came. What it all means I cannot guess, but there is some secret business going on in this house of gloom which sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of.
We knew him very intimately, for his favourite walk was over the moor to our house.
"No, no, I did not mean my husband. Sir Henry?
"You don't mind my driving straight home, Sir Henry?" said Dr. Mortimer. "My wife is expecting me."
The lady who has passed here as Miss Stapleton is in reality his wife."
"Because this stick, though originally a very handsome one has been so knocked about that I can hardly imagine a town practitioner carrying it.
I know something, Sir Henry, and perhaps I should have said it before, but it was long after the inquest that I found it out.
Between and around these scattered points extends the desolate, lifeless moor.
I am reckoned fleet of foot, but he outpaced me as much as I outpaced the little professional.
"Did Barrymore profit at all by Sir Charles's will?" asked Holmes.
"My brother and I were very much shocked by the death of Sir Charles.
"Was it here?" he asked in a low voice.
You threw it down, no doubt, at that supreme moment when you charged into the empty hut."
We came shortly after Sir Charles settled. But my tastes led me to explore every part of the country round, and I should think that there are few men who know it better than I do."
"By the time that you discovered me upon the moor I had a complete knowledge of the whole business, but I had not a case which could go to a jury. Even Stapleton's attempt upon Sir Henry that night which ended in the death of the unfortunate convict did not help us much in proving murder against our man.
My first thought was that I should be by Sir Henry's side. But then I remembered the pile of papers and bills with which his study table was littered. It was certain that I could not help with those. And Holmes had expressly said that I should study the neighbours upon the moor. I accepted Stapleton's invitation, and we turned together down the path.
One of Sherlock Holmes's defects--if, indeed, one may call it a defect--was that he was exceedingly loath to communicate his full plans to any other person until the instant of their fulfilment.
He certainly seemed to be getting uncomfortably near the truth. "No doubt," said I; "but how do you know that he is anywhere upon the moor?"
If the letter should fall into Stapleton's hands her own life would not be safe.
I shrugged my shoulders. "If he were safely out of the country it would relieve the tax-payer of a burden."
You interest me very much, Mr. Holmes.
It was in the private sitting-room to which we afterwards repaired that Holmes asked Baskerville what were his intentions.
He would use the baronet in order to convince the Stapletons that we were really gone, while we should actually return at the instant when we were likely to be needed.
It was not a brutal countenance, but it was prim, hard, and stern, with a firm-set, thin-lipped mouth, and a coldly intolerant eye.
The night was clear and fine above us. The stars shone cold and bright, while a half-moon bathed the whole scene in a soft, uncertain light.
"Queer place, the moor!" said he.
It is indorsed 'Mr. and Mrs. Vandeleur,' but you will have no difficulty in recognizing him, and her also, if you know her by sight.
It is time that you kept your promise and gave me a full account of what we are all driving at."
"Now, listen to me, Barrymore! I have no interest in this matter but that of your master.
"And the one beyond, which shines so brightly?"
I kept the road as long as his eye was on me, and then I struck off across the moor and made for the stony hill over which the boy had disappeared.
I can only wish you better luck in Devonshire. But I'm not easy in my mind about it."
His nerves have been strangely shaken by that sound upon the moor.
It helped us to realize the horror of this woman's life when we saw the eagerness and joy with which she laid us on her husband's track. We left her standing upon the thin peninsula of firm, peaty soil which tapered out into the widespread bog.
He stood now gazing with great reverence at the famous detective.
"Did he ever strike you as being crazy--this brother of hers?"
"I think that on the whole you have had a fortunate escape," said Sherlock Holmes. "You have had him in your power and he knew it, and yet you are alive.
A study of family portraits is enough to convert a man to the doctrine of reincarnation.
"Mrs. Lyons," said I, as I rose from this long and inconclusive interview, "you are taking a very great responsibility and putting yourself in a very false position by not making an absolutely clean breast of all that you know.
But incredulity and indifference were evidently my strongest cards.
"May all our difficulties vanish as easily!" said Sherlock Holmes.
"I certainly wrote to him once or twice to acknowledge his delicacy and his generosity."
I am not sure that as a conscientious detective my first duty is not to arrest the whole household.
"No, sir, I don't know that."
I will say nothing to add to his anxieties, but I will take my own steps to attain my own end.
Her bulky figure in a shawl and skirt might have been comic were it not for the intensity of feeling upon her face.
Rolling pasture lands curved upward on either side of us, and old gabled houses peeped out from amid the thick green foliage, but behind the peaceful and sunlit country-side there rose ever, dark against the evening sky, the long, gloomy curve of the moor, broken by the jagged and sinister hills.
After the conversation which I have quoted about Barrymore, Sir Henry put on his hat and prepared to go out.
It's the man himself, by all that's wonderful and audacious!
"It is a formidable difficulty, and I fear that you ask too much when you expect me to solve it. The past and the present are within the field of my inquiry, but what a man may do in the future is a hard question to answer.
"That is true," said Sir Henry. "Well, Barrymore --"
"Interesting, though elementary," said he as he returned to his favourite corner of the settee.
I am certainly developing the wisdom of the serpent, for when Mortimer pressed his questions to an inconvenient extent I asked him casually to what type Frankland's skull belonged, and so heard nothing but craniology for the rest of our drive.
I assure you, Sir Henry, that in a very few days the necessary arrangements will have been made and he will be on his way to South America.
But now you have heard it, and you will see that if there was a plot it was not against you."
There remain the people who will actually surround Sir Henry Baskerville upon the moor."
"I never was more glad to see anyone in my life," said I, as I wrung him by the hand.
"You are quick at identification," said he.
"Surely that must be the same Johnson whom I used to know," said Holmes to the porter. "A lawyer, is he not, gray-headed, and walks with a limp?"
Before breakfast on the morning following my adventure I went down the corridor and examined the room in which Barrymore had been on the night before.
Partly it came no doubt from his own masterful nature, which loved to dominate and surprise those who were around him. Partly also from his professional caution, which urged him never to take any chances.
A maid showed me in without ceremony, and as I entered the sitting-room a lady, who was sitting before a Remington typewriter, sprang up with a pleasant smile of welcome. Her face fell, however, when she saw that I was a stranger, and she sat down again and asked me the object of my visit.
Another day--two at the most--and I have my case complete, but until then guard your charge as closely as ever a fond mother watched her ailing child. Your mission to-day has justified itself, and yet I could almost wish that you had not left his side.
"I may not know exactly where he is, but I am quite sure that I could help the police to lay their hands on him.
"I have already told you that your reports reached me rapidly, being forwarded instantly from Baker Street to Coombe Tracey.
I could well remember the scorn which the theories of the reasoner used then to excite in the practical man.
You have been inside the house, have you not, Watson?
I told Sir Henry how the matter stood, and he at once, in his downright fashion, had Barrymore up and asked him whether he had received the telegram himself.
"What sort of facts?" I asked.
"Thank God! Thank God! Oh, this villain! See how he has treated me!" She shot her arms out from her sleeves, and we saw with horror that they were all mottled with bruises. "But this is nothing--nothing! It is my mind and soul that he has tortured and defiled. I could endure it all, ill-usage, solitude, a life of deception, everything, as long as I could still cling to the hope that I had his love, but now I know that in this also I have been his dupe and his tool." She broke into passionate sobbing as she spoke.
In a very few hours the brown earth had become ruddy, the brick had changed to granite, and red cows grazed in well-hedged fields where the lush grasses and more luxuriant vegetation spoke of a richer, if a damper, climate. Young Baskerville stared eagerly out of the window, and cried aloud with delight as he recognized the familiar features of the Devon scenery.
Our friend, Sir Henry, and the lady had halted on the path and were standing deeply absorbed in their conversation, when I was suddenly aware that I was not the only witness of their interview. A wisp of green floating in the air caught my eye, and another glance showed me that it was carried on a stick by a man who was moving among the broken ground.
"Well, Sir Henry, your uncle had a letter that morning.
So furious was he that he was hardly articulate, and when he did speak it was in a much broader and more Western dialect than any which we had heard from him in the morning.
"His nerves were so worked up that the appearance of any dog might have had a fatal effect upon his diseased heart.
If I hadn't sworn not to go about alone I might have had a more lively evening, for I had a message from Stapleton asking me over there."
Holmes had sprung to his feet, and I saw his dark, athletic outline at the door of the hut, his shoulders stooping, his head thrust forward, his face peering into the darkness.
"Yes, I thought it as well to take them."
"Surely you will stay and have some dinner?"
His arm was round her, but it seemed to me that she was straining away from him with her face averted. He stooped his head to hers, and she raised one hand as if in protest.
I proceed, then, from the morning which followed our abortive chase of the convict and our other strange experiences upon the moor.
It was of common quality, grayish in colour. The address, "Sir Henry Baskerville, Northumberland Hotel," was printed in rough characters; the postmark "Charing Cross," and the date of posting the preceding evening.
There are lonely houses scattered over the moor, and he is a fellow who would stick at nothing. You only want to get a glimpse of his face to see that.
He was a strong-minded man, sir, shrewd, practical, and as unimaginative as I am myself.
It may have been--yes, by Jove, it is a curly-haired spaniel."
Mr. Sherlock Holmes, who was usually very late in the mornings, save upon those not infrequent occasions when he was up all night, was seated at the breakfast table.
"Then anyone could have got over it?"
Something brown was rolling and tossing among the green sedges. Then a long, agonized, writhing neck shot upward and a dreadful cry echoed over the moor.
I laughed incredulously as Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his settee and blew little wavering rings of smoke up to the ceiling.
"I am giving you some information now, in return for all that you have given me.
All the good work which has been done by Sir Charles will crash to the ground if there is no tenant of the Hall.
I imagined that all was for my own sake. But now I see that I was never anything but a tool in his hands.
"I did not know who you were, but I was determined to find out."
I was wondering if there were any evidence of such a sound to-night."
"It rose and fell with the wind.
It has been an exceedingly difficult and most complicated business. There are several points upon which we still want light--but it is coming all the same."
"You will, I am sure, excuse my presumption, Dr. Watson," said he, as he came panting up to where I stood.
Dr. Mortimer and Baskerville were still visible about two hundred yards ahead of us in the direction of Oxford Street.
He rushed into his room in his dressing-gown and was back again in a few seconds in a frock-coat.
As you look at their gray stone huts against the scarred hill-sides you leave your own age behind you, and if you were to see a skin-clad, hairy man crawl out from the low door fitting a flint-tipped arrow on to the string of his bow, you would feel that his presence there was more natural than your own.
"The cunning rascal! He knew our number, knew that Sir Henry Baskerville had consulted me, spotted who I was in Regent Street, conjectured that I had got the number of the cab and would lay my hands on the driver, and so sent back this audacious message.
This also you cleared up in a very effective way, though I had already come to the same conclusions from my own observations.
"One moment!" said I. "You have, no doubt, described the sequence of events correctly, but there is one point which you have left unexplained. What became of the hound when its master was in London?"
I have come here with no object except to help him. Tell me, frankly, what it is that you don't like."
"Halloa, Watson! Where have you dropped from?" said he. "You don't mean to say that you came after me in spite of all?"
"Only when it is quite convenient to you, sir."
The flush had faded in an instant, and a deathly face was before me.
There is a dry glitter in his eyes, and a firm set of his thin lips, which goes with a positive and possibly a harsh nature.
Once only we saw a trace that someone had passed that perilous way before us.
"Visited twenty-three hotels as directed, but sorry, to report unable to trace cut sheet of Times.--CARTWRIGHT."
"No, by thunder; we have come out to get our man, and we will do it. We after the convict, and a hell-hound, as likely as not, after us.
I was still rather raw over the deception which had been practised upon me, but the warmth of Holmes's praise drove my anger from my mind. I felt also in my heart that he was right in what he said and that it was really best for our purpose that I should not have known that he was upon the moor.
He walked into the room, and as he did so Barrymore sprang up from the window with a sharp hiss of his breath and stood, livid and trembling, before us.
He is not a man with intimate friends. Where, then, could he have been?
There are two questions waiting for us at the outset. The one is whether any crime has been committed at all; the second is, what is the crime and how was it committed?
To this post a figure was tied, so swathed and muffled in the sheets which had been used to secure it that one could not for the moment tell whether it was that of a man or a woman.
"I know why he was at the gate at that hour.
It could only come from the lonely abode of the Stapletons.
We had arranged no plan of campaign, but the baronet is a man to whom the most direct way is always the most natural.
"Then you must excuse yourself and he must go alone.
In that impassive, colourless man, with his straw hat and his butterfly-net, I seemed to see something terrible--a creature of infinite patience and craft, with a smiling face and a murderous heart.
It came with the wind through the silence of the night, a long, deep mutter, then a rising howl, and then the sad moan in which it died away. Again and again it sounded, the whole air throbbing with it, strident, wild, and menacing.
I looked round, with a chill of fear in my heart, at the huge swelling plain, mottled with the green patches of rushes. Nothing stirred over the vast expanse save a pair of ravens, which croaked loudly from a tor behind us.
"I am afraid that I cannot answer that question."
"This is most important," said he when I had concluded. "It fills up a gap which I had been unable to bridge, in this most complex affair.
"The brute!" cried Holmes. "Here, Lestrade, your brandy-bottle! Put her in the chair! She has fainted from ill-usage and exhaustion."
"Here are your reports, my dear fellow, and very well thumbed, I assure you. I made excellent arrangements, and they are only delayed one day upon their way.
One thing I swear to you, and that is that when I wrote the letter I never dreamed of any harm to the old gentleman, who had been my kindest friend."
"Yes, indeed. I have no doubt that my friend's explanation will cover the facts.
He had started running swiftly over the moor, and I had followed at his heels.
"Look at Sir Charles's death! That was bad enough, for all that the coroner said.
"He appears to have broken his neck by falling over these rocks.
There is nothing so deceptive as the distance of a light upon a pitch-dark night, and sometimes the glimmer seemed to be far away upon the horizon and sometimes it might have been within a few yards of us.
We had left the fertile country behind and beneath us. We looked back on it now, the slanting rays of a low sun turning the streams to threads of gold and glowing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad tangle of the woodlands. The road in front of us grew bleaker and wilder over huge russet and olive slopes, sprinkled with giant boulders. Now and then we passed a moorland cottage, walled and roofed with stone, with no creeper to break its harsh outline. Suddenly we looked down into a cup-like depression, patched with stunted oaks and firs which had been twisted and bent by the fury of years of storm. Two high, narrow towers rose over the trees. The driver pointed with his whip.
The German was sent for but professed to know nothing of the matter, nor could any inquiry clear it up.
I deceived everybody, therefore, yourself included, and I came down secretly when I was supposed to be in London.
"If any possible doubt remained it is settled by the fact that 'keep away' and 'from the' are cut out in one piece."
"It appears to be a statement of some sort."
It is one of several indications which enabled me to fix the date."
I think that if we put something over his face he will be safe until morning."
"It chanced that some little time later Hugo left his guests to carry food and drink--with other worse things, perchance--to his captive, and so found the cage empty and the bird escaped. Then, as it would seem, he became as one that hath a devil, for, rushing down the stairs into the dining-hall, he sprang upon the great table, flagons and trenchers flying before him, and he cried aloud before all the company that he would that very night render his body and soul to the Powers of Evil if he might but overtake the wench.
We stood straining our ears, but nothing came.
Then, again, whom was he waiting for that night, and why was he waiting for him in the Yew Alley rather than in his own house?"
"And the warning--it must have come from her!"
Their evidence, corroborated by that of several friends, tends to show that Sir Charles's health has for some time been impaired, and points especially to some affection of the heart, manifesting itself in changes of colour, breathlessness, and acute attacks of nervous depression.
"No mention of that local hunt, Watson," said Holmes with a mischievous smile, "but a country doctor, as you very astutely observed. I think that I am fairly justified in my inferences. As to the adjectives, I said, if I remember right, amiable, unambitious, and absent-minded. It is my experience that it is only an amiable man in this world who receives testimonials, only an unambitious one who abandons a London career for the country, and only an absent-minded one who leaves his stick and not his visiting-card after waiting an hour in your room."
Tell me why it was that you were so eager that Sir Henry should return to London."
"For God's sake put such an idea out of your mind," said he.
Now, all these rooms are unfurnished and unoccupied, so that his expedition became more mysterious than ever.
He now took the stick from my hands and examined it for a few minutes with his naked eyes. Then with an expression of interest he laid down his cigarette, and carrying the cane to the window, he looked over it again with a convex lens.
Never have I seen a man run as Holmes ran that night.
If its appearance did not frighten its victim to death, at least it would paralyze the resistance which might be offered."
This is a colleague, Watson, after our own heart.
"What do you make of it?"
"And so could I--from which I gather that in all probability it was a false one. A clever man upon so delicate an errand has no use for a beard save to conceal his features.
I waited until he had passed out of sight and then I followed him.
"I have sent a report from Grimpen to Princetown as to the death of Selden.
The lady sprang from her chair.
The train pulled up at a small wayside station and we all descended.
It may be lurking among these rocks at this instant.
"Put into plain words, the matter is this," said he. "In your opinion there is a diabolical agency which makes Dartmoor an unsafe abode for a Baskerville--that is your opinion?"
"That is in answer to mine of this morning.
"So that to reach the Yew Alley one either has to come down it from the house or else to enter it by the moor-gate?"
She would not endeavour to entangle the old gentleman in a sentimental attachment which might deliver him over to his enemy. Threats and even, I am sorry to say, blows refused to move her.
"I have, at least, a well-polished, silver-plated coffee-pot in front of me," said he. "But, tell me, Watson, what do you make of our visitor's stick?
"Since the tragedy, Mr. Holmes, there have come to my ears several incidents which are hard to reconcile with the settled order of Nature."
"I have in my pocket a manuscript," said Dr. James Mortimer.
"My dear fellow, you must trust me implicitly and do exactly what I tell you.
"Those shots must have told him that the game was up."
"Say, rather, into the region where we balance probabilities and choose the most likely.
The pen has spluttered twice in a single word, and has run dry three times in a short address, showing that there was very little ink in the bottle.
You can even see his hearth and his couch if you have the curiosity to go inside.
It was thrown by a man who walked softly down the passage with a candle held in his hand. He was in shirt and trousers, with no covering to his feet.
"Not after he went into the station."
I am sure that you are the last man in the world who would wish to be a spoil-sport. I must go out alone."
"You will take this train to town, Cartwright.
"Yes, we should have a full day to-day," he remarked, and he rubbed his hands with the joy of action. "The nets are all in place, and the drag is about to begin. We'll know before the day is out whether we have caught our big, lean-jawed pike, or whether he has got through the meshes."
"Has been in the habit of carrying this stick behind his master. Being a heavy stick the dog has held it tightly by the middle, and the marks of his teeth are very plainly visible.
"The fact is no longer a secret.
Excuse my curiosity, but often in calling upon one friend one finds another."
By the way, your instructions to me never to allow Sir Henry to go out alone will become very much more onerous if a love affair were to be added to our other difficulties.
I gazed with interest and some surprise upon the portrait.
I explained everything to him: how I had found it impossible to remain behind, how I had followed him, and how I had witnessed all that had occurred.
I drew aside my curtains before I went to bed and looked out from my window.
Dr. James Mortimer, the friend and medical attendant of the deceased, has given evidence to the same effect.
"I've been moping in the house all day since Watson went off in the morning," said the baronet. "I guess I should have some credit, for I have kept my promise.
"This poor wretch was dressed in your clothes.
On that side a ridge of rocks ended in a sheer cliff which overlooked a stone-strewn slope. On its jagged face was spread-eagled some dark, irregular object.
It is very probable, therefore, that in the absence of his master it was he who cared for the hound, though he may never have known the purpose for which the beast was used.
"The original hound was material enough to tug a man's throat out, and yet he was diabolical as well."
Sir Henry had to assure him that it was not so and pacify him by giving him a considerable part of his old wardrobe, the London outfit having now all arrived.
The words took away my breath for an instant, but a glance at the placid face and steadfast eyes of my companion showed that no surprise was intended.
"No; he lay about fifty yards from it."
"Well, either that boot comes back before sundown or I'll see the manager and tell him that I go right straight out of this hotel."
With tingling nerves, but a fixed purpose, I sat in the dark recess of the hut and waited with sombre patience for the coming of its tenant.
Our friends are wise, for it is certainly a very fine morning for a walk."
I have no doubt, for example, that the Fernworthy people will burn me in effigy to-night.
"I fancy old Frankland allows her a pittance, but it cannot be more, for his own affairs are considerably involved.
"There are two lines of old yew hedge, twelve feet high and impenetrable.
"No, I confess that I see no connection."
Isn't that the direction of the great Grimpen Mire?"
Both of the women concerned in the case, Mrs. Stapleton and Mrs. Laura Lyons, were left with a strong suspicion against Stapleton.
His only accomplice was one who could never give him away, and the grotesque, inconceivable nature of the device only served to make it more effective.
So paralyzed were we by the apparition that we allowed him to pass before we had recovered our nerve.
I remember the look in your eyes.
"Because he foresaw that she would be very much more useful to him in the character of a free woman."
"Who is the gentleman with the telescope?"
I had no difficulty in finding her rooms, which were central and well appointed.
My feelings towards him were very far from being friendly after what I had heard of his treatment of his daughter, but I was anxious to send Perkins and the wagonette home, and the opportunity was a good one. I alighted and sent a message to Sir Henry that I should walk over in time for dinner. Then I followed Frankland into his dining-room.
"Certainly, there is a boy who seems to have some secret errand."
A fortnight has passed since his flight, during which he has not been seen and nothing has been heard of him. It is surely inconceivable that he could have held out upon the moor during all that time.
His ingenious mind instantly suggested a way by which the baronet could be done to death, and yet it would be hardly possible to bring home the guilt to the real murderer.
Before us lay the dark bulk of the house, its serrated roof and bristling chimneys hard outlined against the silver-spangled sky.
That is where the rare plants and the butterflies are, if you have the wit to reach them."
"And what marks did you see by the wicket-gate?"
"That, unfortunately, is what I cannot tell you.
"I am sure that he would be delighted."
"We were all rather afraid that after the sad death of Sir Charles the new baronet might refuse to live here.
I think it is the most complete one in the south-west of England.
It was several miles off, but I could distinctly see a small dark dot against the dull green and gray.
To my dismay the creature flew straight for the great mire, and my acquaintance never paused for an instant, bounding from tuft to tuft behind it, his green net waving in the air.
"Your hat and boots, Watson, quick!
There only remained the lamp in the dining-room where the two men, the murderous host and the unconscious guest, still chatted over their cigars.
"That seems the most reasonable theory," said Stapleton, and he gave a sigh which I took to indicate his relief. "What do you think about it, Mr. Sherlock Holmes?"
We rushed over the brow of the hill, and there was our man running with great speed down the other side, springing over the stones in his way with the activity of a mountain goat.
"No, your boy had been observed, and that gave me a guide where to look."
By his cries he must have run a long way after he knew the animal was on his track. How did he know?"
"Exactly," said Holmes, "however foolish the incident may seem. You have lost one of your boots, you say?"
I brought Cartwright down with me--you remember the little chap at the express office--and he has seen after my simple wants: a loaf of bread and a clean collar.
When I thought of the heavy rains and looked at the gaping roof I understood how strong and immutable must be the purpose which had kept him in that inhospitable abode.
The beard might well have been the same. The cabman had described a somewhat shorter man, but such an impression might easily have been erroneous.
"Would you wish dinner to be served at once, sir?"
I had the further motive that Baskerville Hall, as the paper says, would certainly remain untenanted if anything were done to increase its already rather grim reputation.
The moon was shining bright upon the clearing, and there in the centre lay the unhappy maid where she had fallen, dead of fear and of fatigue. But it was not the sight of her body, nor yet was it that of the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near her, which raised the hair upon the heads of these three daredevil roysterers, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at his throat, there stood a foul thing, a great, black beast, shaped like a hound, yet larger than any hound that ever mortal eye has rested upon.
As the old man stood there he saw something coming across the moor, something which terrified him so that he lost his wits, and ran and ran until he died of sheer horror and exhaustion.
Not a word to show your suspicions--not a word, or my plans crumble to the ground."
But when I came to think the matter over my conscience reproached me bitterly for having on any pretext allowed him to go out of my sight.
He passes along the same path at the same hour, and to whom should he be going except to the convict?"
What do you think we should do?"
We moved cautiously along the track as if we were bound for the house, but Holmes halted us when we were about two hundred yards from it.
But these, of course, are after-thoughts. At the moment I was simply conscious that I was in the presence of a very handsome woman, and that she was asking me the reasons for my visit.
I have already explained that the testimony of the postmaster shows that the test was worthless and that we have no proof one way or the other.
I feared that some disaster might occur, for I was very fond of the old man, and I knew that his heart was weak."
I married, and so left the hospital, and with it all hopes of a consulting practice. It was necessary to make a home of my own."
"Not on the very day of Sir Charles's death?"
He looked sharply from Holmes to me.
He spoke with a smile, but I seemed to read in his eyes that he took the matter more seriously. "The story took a great hold upon the imagination of Sir Charles, and I have no doubt that it led to his tragic end."
He married Beryl Garcia, one of the beauties of Costa Rica, and, having purloined a considerable sum of public money, he changed his name to Vandeleur and fled to England, where he established a school in the east of Yorkshire.
Mr. Stapleton, a mutual friend who was much concerned at his state of health, was of the same opinion.
"We now come to that portion of his life which has proved to be of such intense interest to us. The fellow had evidently made inquiry and found that only two lives intervened between him and a valuable estate.
He had usually a great many letters, for he was a public man and well known for his kind heart, so that everyone who was in trouble was glad to turn to him.
When I reached Coombe Tracey I told Perkins to put up the horses, and I made inquiries for the lady whom I had come to interrogate.
She gave a long sigh of satisfaction.
I looked back at the platform when we had left it far behind, and saw the tall, austere figure of Holmes standing motionless and gazing after us.
An instant afterwards he gave a little cry of satisfaction, and, following the direction of his eager eyes, I saw that a hansom cab with a man inside which had halted on the other side of the street was now proceeding slowly onward again.
We have never gone out without keeping a sharp watch, and no one could have escaped our notice."
The great ordeal was in front of us; at last we were about to make our final effort, and yet Holmes had said nothing, and I could only surmise what his course of action would be.
"No, I had been staying with a friend," said the doctor. "There was no possible indication that we intended to go to this hotel."
He stamped his feet upon the ground.
We have provided him with all that he can want.
The light beneath him was reflected in his small, cunning eyes which peered fiercely to right and left through the darkness, like a crafty and savage animal who has heard the steps of the hunters.
Everything was working in my favour, and I swore that it should not be through lack of energy or perseverance that I should miss the chance which fortune had thrown in my way.
"It depends upon the breed of men quite as much as on the county," said Dr. Mortimer. "A glance at our friend here reveals the rounded head of the Celt, which carries inside it the Celtic enthusiasm and power of attachment.
"There were many insignificant sums to individuals, and a large number of public charities.
With long bounds the huge black creature was leaping down the track, following hard upon the footsteps of our friend.
"I think it unlikely that he waited at the moor-gate every evening.
My popularity would soon suffer if I were to carry out your orders to the letter.
I swear that another day shall not have passed before I have done all that man can do to reach the heart of the mystery.
"You know that there is another man then?"
"But why at such an hour?"
Far away, miles off, in the direction of Grimpen, a single steady yellow light was shining.
I knew that seclusion and solitude were very necessary for my friend in those hours of intense mental concentration during which he weighed every particle of evidence, constructed alternative theories, balanced one against the other, and made up his mind as to which points were essential and which immaterial.
"He would not do anything so mad, sir.
Obviously the first thing to do was to see the Grimpen postmaster, and find whether the test telegram had really been placed in Barrymore's own hands. Be the answer what it might, I should at least have something to report to Sherlock Holmes.
He was less surprised than I had expected.
In doing so I held it within a few inches of my eyes, and was conscious of a faint smell of the scent known as white jessamine.
You have nothing else to report to us before we go into this matter?"
Now, the poor lass upstairs was like to have her wits turned at the singing and shouting and terrible oaths which came up to her from below, for they say that the words used by Hugo Baskerville, when he was in wine, were such as might blast the man who said them.
If I had not every confidence in your nerve and courage I would not suggest it, but it is essential that you should do it."
"That depends on whether you are going on the moor," said I.
Sir Henry Baskerville listened with the deepest attention, and with an occasional exclamation of surprise.
"I can only think of the obvious conclusion that the man has practised in town before going to the country."
"There is but one place where he can have fled," she answered. "There is an old tin mine on an island in the heart of the mire.
For two hours the strange business in which we had been involved appeared to be forgotten, and he was entirely absorbed in the pictures of the modern Belgian masters. He would talk of nothing but art, of which he had the crudest ideas, from our leaving the gallery until we found ourselves at the Northumberland Hotel.
There he was, sure enough, a small urchin with a little bundle upon his shoulder, toiling slowly up the hill.
"Driving back in the evening from Coombe Tracey he was in time to get his hound, to treat it with his infernal paint, and to bring the beast round to the gate at which he had reason to expect that he would find the old gentleman waiting.
"Snap goes our third thread, and we end where we began," said he.
"Well, perhaps it was. Did you ever hear a bittern booming?"
"If you examine it carefully you will see that both the pen and the ink have given the writer trouble.
"You will begin in each case by giving the outside porter one shilling.
He helps to keep our lives from being monotonous and gives a little comic relief where it is badly needed.
But whatever the true explanation of Barrymore's movements might be, I felt that the responsibility of keeping them to myself until I could explain them was more than I could bear.
He has rushed about the moor in a crazy state and eventually fallen over here and broken his neck."
Sir Henry had flung it open, and the cold night wind beat in upon our faces.
Look at the noises on the moor at night. There's not a man would cross it after sundown if he was paid for it.
In a minute we had torn off the gag, unswathed the bonds, and Mrs. Stapleton sank upon the floor in front of us.
As he entered his eyes fell upon the stick in Holmes's hand, and he ran towards it with an exclamation of joy. "I am so very glad," said he.
On the death of Sir Charles we inquired for this young gentleman and found that he had been farming in Canada.
Sir Charles's generosity has given us the means to do so.
Have you turned the case over in your mind?"
"He appears to be a very consistent character. And then you heard nothing until you read the reports of the death in the paper?"
Ask me what you like, and there is nothing which I shall hold back.
In an instant Holmes had changed from the languid dreamer to the man of action.
"Do you not find it interesting?"
But no slightest sign of them ever met our eyes. If the earth told a true story, then Stapleton never reached that island of refuge towards which he struggled through the fog upon that last night.
"The old gentleman with the telescope, no doubt.
"I presume that the reason he gave was that you would receive help from Sir Charles for the legal expenses connected with your divorce?"
"We are going too far," said Holmes. "We dare not take the chance of his being overtaken before he can reach us. At all costs we must hold our ground where we are." He dropped on his knees and clapped his ear to the ground. "Thank God, I think that I hear him coming."
"Mr. Holmes," she said, "this man had offered me marriage on condition that I could get a divorce from my husband. He has lied to me, the villain, in every conceivable way.
The cabman scratched his head. "Well, he wasn't altogether such an easy gentleman to describe. I'd put him at forty years of age, and he was of a middle height, two or three inches shorter than you, sir. He was dressed like a toff, and he had a black beard, cut square at the end, and a pale face. I don't know as I could say more than that."
I told her that since I had seen her I was in no hurry to leave it, and that if she really wanted me to go, the only way to work it was for her to arrange to go with me.
Throwing aside my cigarette, I closed my hand upon the butt of my revolver and, walking swiftly up to the door, I looked in. The place was empty.
"Well, you see the hills beyond?
But more than that we were never destined to know, though there was much which we might surmise.
He has been very attentive to us, and hardly a day has passed that he has not called at the Hall to see how we were getting on.
"We are coming now rather into the region of guesswork," said Dr. Mortimer.
There is a house indicated here which may be the residence of the naturalist--Stapleton, if I remember right, was his name.
You are aware, perhaps, that a close intimacy exists between this lady and the man Stapleton?"
MY DEAR HOLMES,--My previous letters and telegrams have kept you pretty well up to date as to all that has occurred in this most God-forsaken corner of the world. The longer one stays here the more does the spirit of the moor sink into one's soul, its vastness, and also its grim charm.
At first he thought that he was the police, but soon he found that he had some lay of his own. A kind of gentleman he was, as far as he could see, but what he was doing he could not make out."
It had struck me that it was possible that some love intrigue was on foot. That would have accounted for his stealthy movements and also for the uneasiness of his wife.
