Enter cave survey data for Survex
Locate and connect to game servers
A low-latency, high quality voice chat program for gaming
Commonly used applications with restricted copyright for kubuntu (mp3, avi, mpeg, TrueType, Java, Flash)
Graphical administration tool for digital keys used with APT
%s: Errors found during postprocessing. Aborting.
The collected information is being sent to the bug tracking system. This might take a few minutes.
Send RAW files to external editor on command line
Stream parameters are %iHz, %s, %i channels
A game hacking tool. A GUI front-end for scanmem.
Panel Applet to renew authentication credentials
Explore the network and scan ports
Throw the clowns before they fall and hit the balloons with them
Fly military aircraft in a combat situation
Mission and Objective based 3D Action Game
Let the computer read out text for you
Image manipulation program based on VIPS
3D artillery game similar to Scorched Earth
-r,--real # convert real-time-stamp on queue
Organize photos on your iPod, freely!
Embark on a quest to rescue a kidnapped princess and in the process, discover the true sinister intentions of a suspiciously located Lederhosen company
-s,--source addr : read from given addr (client:port)
Lets you choose from thousands of applications available for Ubuntu
Fishing wire makes bad dental floss
This operation cannot be undone, are you sure you want to delete this activity?
PyChess is a fully featured, nice looking, easy to use chess client for the Gnome desktop
Sync your files across computers and to the web
%s: %s in line %d of standard input
Dictionary, Disk Usage Analyzer, Log File Viewer, Search Tool
Manage X.509 certificates and CAs, easily and graphically
Place tents in some of the remaining squares, under some conditions
Place the four of hearts next to the three of hearts.
%s: Unable to write entire profile entry
Click a window as a target for filing a problem report.
Display retraced stack traces and ask for confirmation before sending them to the crash database.
A Gmail notifier applet for KDE
%s: Unable to parse input line '%s'
A window information utility for X
Place the queen of hearts next to the jack of hearts.
This includes things like how many programs are running, how much disk space the computer has, and what devices are connected.
Connect audio and MIDI applications together and manage audio sessions
Universal karaoke songs and movies player
Melt an iceberg into small pieces, in order to trap the penguins
Browse the filesystem with the file manager
Program for creating TikZ (from the LaTeX pgf package) diagrams
A cross-platform GUI for the Nmap Security Scanner.
Global multiple nucleotide or peptide sequence alignment and phylogenetic analysis
A drop-down terminal emulator based on KDE Konsole technology.
A graphical tool to manage your Screenlets.
Command a submarine in a deep ocean environment
Handle the tasks, resources, and cost of your projects
you can use this applications to test all guiqwt features.
Viewer for biosignals such as EEG, EMG, and ECG. http://sigviewer.sf.net
Mission Pack 2 for the classic first person shooter
Connect to a remote computer using Secure Shell
Path to a file with the crash database authentication information. This is used when specifying a crash ID to upload the retraced stack traces (only if neither -g, -o, nor -s are specified)
Remote shell command executor and LAN manager
Synchronize and version your files across multiple computers with distributed version control (by default with Git)
-d, --default display the default access control list
-m, --modify=acl modify the current ACL(s) of file(s) -M, --modify-file=file read ACL entries to modify from file -x, --remove=acl remove entries from the ACL(s) of file(s) -X, --remove-file=file read ACL entries to remove from file -b, --remove-all remove all extended ACL entries -k, --remove-default remove the default ACL
Add an extra tag to the report. Can be specified multiple times.
%s: cannot get default ACL on '%s': %s
Graphical Qt frontend for GNU Octave
Profile version not supported by Apparmor module
Disassemble a pile of tiles by removing matching pairs
Realtime audio processor based on frequency spectral manipulation
%s: Could not allocate memory for subdomainbase mount point
SAMBA file, print and domain server administration
A lightweight file manager for X Window
Move ~a onto the seven of clubs.
ERROR in profile %s, failed to load
Transfer software for Sony HiMD Walkman
Play back and inspect traces generated by apitrace
Analyze statistical data with a free alternative to SPSS
Play the original Quake III Arena
Move ~a onto an empty bottom slot.
MP3 and Ogg Vorbis tag editor
Move ~a onto the eight of clubs.
A 2D platform game with style similar to classic sidescroller games
Manage your photographs like a professional with the power of open source
Move ~a onto the seven of diamonds.
Configure multiple and native language support on your system
Configure LVM in a graphical setting
View all characters of font in all sizes.
Play Sega Master System and Game Gear games
Play Go against human or computer opponents
View or change ACL and User Extended Attributes on files and directories
Allows to create video CDs and DVDs, suitable to be reproduced in home DVD players
Puzzle game based on hexagonal tiles
A GUI to aid the scan-to-PDF process
slow CW (QRSS) / dual-frequency CW (DFCW)
Chinese Input Method (Use Light weight UI)
fast 2D tank arcade game with multiplayer and split-screen modes
Gnubiff is a mail notification program.
Schedule recordings and browse program guide
Shows Status of EC2 instances running on given account.
%s: Internal buffer overflow detected, %d characters exceeded
Optimize your probabilities to have sex on dating websites
Prepend timestamps to log messages, for batch operation
Memory Allocation Error: Unable to remove ^%s
Move ~a onto an empty reserve slot.
Configure and manage your Ubuntu One account
Backup & sync your data with the power of rsync
A clone of the 'Nebulus' game on old 8 and 16 bit machines.
Move ~a onto the queen of spades.
This problem was already reported in the bug report displayed in the web browser. Please check if you can add any further information that might be helpful for the developers.
A simple OBEX file transfer applet
A simple video player that gets sync from jack transport.
Kill evil enemies by catching them into bubbles and smashing those
Move ~a onto the five of clubs.
Manage and configure JACK and ladish
Sign QSO data for upload to LoTW
Error: basedir %s is not a directory, skipping.
A waveform viewer eg for spice simulators
A graphical toolkit for database administration and development
simulation of the ancient calculator (Motif version)
Graph Theory Tool for Professors and Students.
Move ~a onto the seven of hearts.
Utility for tracking menstrual cycles and predicting fertility periods
Look both ways before you cross the street
Stand alone front end for Ampache.
Create interactive mathematical constructions and applets.
%s: cannot get default ACL text on '%s': %s
Configure IcedTea Web (javaws and plugin)
Move ~a onto the four of clubs.
Simulate the process of X-ray Computed Tomography
Create beautiful and professional photo layouts from your photos
Place the queen of diamonds next to the jack of diamonds.
%s: %s in line %d of file %s
Add text and annotations to PDF and PostScript documents
A 2D real time strategy simulation with an emphasis on economy and city building
Inspect and compare installed color profiles
Find the energy of X-ray spectral lines
Download and run an Ubuntu ISO in a Virtual Machine
Take notes, link ideas, and stay organized
A libavg based multitouch adaption of the popular game Planarity, aka Untangle
Unable to set nperiods %u for playback: %s
Start the Wicd client without system tray icon
Starts an LTSP server from the live CD
Crystalline and Molecular Structure Visualisation Program
Playing Creative Labs Channel file '%s'...
Place the queen of spades next to the jack of spades.
Audio file converter, CD ripper and Replay Gain tool
Remove the core dump from the report after stack trace regeneration
Create and edit electronics projects with xgsch2pcb
Play Go online and against computer, view and edit SGF files
Record a video or take a screenshot of your screen
hierarchical notebook to enter and manage notes and ideas
Invalid mode, in deny rules 'x' must not be preceded by exec qualifier 'i', 'p', or 'u'
Graphical front end for mCRL2 toolset
Indicator applet to show the Gnome Classic main menu
There is not enough disk space available to process this report.
Sorry, a problem occurred while installing software.
Teacher tool to control classroom computers
Simple but solid audio recording tool
full support for the Funcube Dongle API available with firmware 18f or later
Specify a running program in --file-bug mode. If this is specified, the bug report will contain more information. (Implied if pid is given as only argument.)
The resume processing hung very near the end and will have appeared to have completed normally.
Fit falling blocks together on a hexagonal grid
Download from the Usenet with the help of NZB files
Defeat your opponent by filling up their grid up with garbage.
Graphically create Unix application wrappers for GNUstep
Write C# in an interactive shell, and inject your code into running Mono processes
Tourniquets are not recommended unless in the direst emergency
Create and edit subtitles for film and videos.
Audio IQ signal intermediate frequency receiver
Do things as quickly as possible (but no quicker) with your files, bookmarks, applications, music, contacts, and more!
Clocks for world times, plus alarms, stopwatch and a timer
Access call history and phone book of your Fritz!Box and get notifications on incoming and outgoing calls.
DXX-Rebirth source port of Descent 2: Counterstrike from 1996...
Aim to place the suits in the order which fits the current layout most naturally.
Place the three of spades next to the two of spades.
A graphical frontend to CVS and Subversion.
Unconfined exec qualifier (%c%c) allows some dangerous environment variables to be passed to the unconfined process; 'man 5 apparmor.d' for details.
Splits an image across multiple pages for assembly into a poster
Puzzle game about witty fish saving the world sokoban-style
Play and organize your media collection
Authentication is required to change user data
unknown length of 'fmt ' chunk (read %u, should be %u at least)
Status monitor for Epson inkjet printers
SSVNC - access remote VNC desktops
Move ~a onto the seven of spades.
Application to manage your S60 mobile phone
KSudoku, Sudoku game & more for KDE
you can use this applications to test all guidata features.
card %i: %s [%s], device %i: %s [%s]
Play 3d chess with reflection of the chessmen
Place the jack of hearts next to the ten of hearts.
Convert 3D NIfTI images to DICOM 2D series
A tool to split and merge pdf documents
%s: %s: No filename found in line %d, aborting
Collect valuable minerals, while avoiding being hit by a falling boulder or a bomb
Frontend to QEMU virtual machine monitor
Move ~a onto the king of spades.
-n, --no-mask don't recalculate the effective rights mask -d, --default operations apply to the default ACL
Place the king of hearts next to the queen of hearts.
A small-scale painting program for GNOME, the GNU Desktop
Place a two in the leftmost slot of row ~a.
Move ~a onto the three of spades.
Blob Wars : Metal Blob Solid
a KDE program to learn the alphabet
Install, remove and upgrade software packages
Start in bug filing mode. Requires --package and an optional --pid, or just a --pid. If neither is given, display a list of known symptoms. (Implied if a single argument is given.)
GUI front end for the efax fax program
GStreamer plugins for aac, xvid, mpeg2, faad
Colour each region with one of four colours so that no two regions sharing a boundary have the same colour
Easily batch process images and edit metadata
%s: cannot get access ACL text on '%s': %s
View, search and edit documentation related to Mono
fast paced anagram puzzle game using SDL
%s: cannot get access ACL on '%s': %s
%s: %s: %s in line %d
Move ~a onto the eight of spades.
Place the five of hearts next to the four of hearts.
A universal control panel for V4L2 devices
Retrieve data from scanned images of graphs
Create and edit presentations for slideshows, meeting and Web pages by using Impress.
Tool to read the contents of smart cards
An advanced shutdown utility which allows you to schedule the shutdown or the restart of your computer
Failed to create alias %s -> %s
Java programming game based on battle tanks
can't play WAVE-files with %d tracks
A video viewer and capturer for the linux uvc driver
Move ~a onto the king of hearts.
This will launch apport-retrace in a terminal window to examine the crash.
Squash the bugs before they suck up your blood
Place cards on to the Tableau to form poker hands
Block Attack - Rise of the Blocks
%s: Errors found in combining rules postprocessing. Aborting.
Show and move a curtain on the desktop
An easy to use bible study tool
Race a penguin down a mountain
Exec qualifier '%c' invalid, conflicting qualifier already specified
Simple agenda and calendar application for GNUstep
Client for Crossfire, a multiplayer graphical RPG and adventure game
Disk and data archive management tool
Search for packages and view package information
Place the eight of hearts next to the seven of hearts.
Visualize, edit and prune GPS tracks
A system load monitor capable of displaying graphs for CPU, ram, and swap space use, plus network traffic.
Play an educational puzzle game similar to Hi-Q
Framework for source code analysis of software written in C
Emulator of the 1980s ZX Spectrum home computer and its various clones
You are not allowed to access this problem report.
GNUDoQ, Su Doku generator and solver.
Move ~a onto the two of spades.
Notify the arrival of new mail on Gmail
Graphical tool for designing and simulating logic circuits
Create and edit electrical schematics and symbols with gschem
Read, manipulate and convert digital camera raw-images
Read, capture, broadcast your multimedia streams
Predictive text editor powered by presage
A tool to assemble images as a panorama
"Computes the melting temperature for a nucleic acid duplex."
Fancy-looking animated application for taking photos from webcam
%s is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version %d of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
Channel %2d: Note Off event: %5d
Fast, small, webkit based micro-browser extensible by Lua
Move ~a onto the ten of spades.
Shares files using the HTTP protocol
-i, --info : print certain received events
Virtual Machine with JIT CPU compiler for max speed
Move ~a onto the six of spades.
Graphical interface to build UIMA CPE
Integrated Development Environment (Pick Session to start with)
Teach kids to move the mouse
Sweet Home 3D Furniture Library Editor
Update %s with fully symbolic stack trace
%s: Regex grouping error: Invalid number of items between {}
Control the TV output of NVidia video cards
Manage your collections of movies, games, books, music and more
Annotate Digital Video, Exchange on the NEt
World Clock and CW ID for Ham Radio Operators
A serial terminal optimized for logging and file capture
Scientific software package for numerical computations
Control your desktop using mouse gestures
command should be named either arecord or aplay
Create and edit presentations for slideshows, meeting and Web pages using Zoho web services.
Easy to use distributed version control system
Reduce and rotate images in three-four clicks.
A GNOME interface for managing your comic book collection
Aggregates rss feeds, podcasts, and video blogs
Tool for connecting to wireless networks
Unable to set hw params for playback: %s
When without a stapler, a staple and a ruler will work
Free, easy, personal accounting for everyone.
&Keep report file for sending later or copying to somewhere else
can't play WAVE-file format 0x%04x which is not PCM or FLOAT encoded
Upload pictures and videos to Gallery
Manage ISO, IMG, BIN, MDF and NRG images
Visualize scientific, engineering and analytical data
Graphical utility for analyzing electrophysiological data
Suggest new packages when hardware devices are plugged in
Browse for Zeroconf services available on your network
Administer and develop your Sqlite3 databases
Unable to set sw params for playback: %s
Interactive tool to study and simulate optic assemblies
Play with 39 tangram and more 18,000 figures
Ubuntu can collect anonymous information that helps developers improve it. All information collected is covered by our privacy policy.
A batch renaming tool for KDE
The name of the file with the graphics for the cards.
View and modify the configuration of the local sound server
unknown length of extensible 'fmt ' chunk (read %u, should be %u at least)
Save vector images of application windows
Move something onto an empty tableau slot.
Monitors won't give you Vitamin D -- but sunlight will...
suitable for extreme sound stretching of audio (like 50x)
Perform arithmetic, scientific or financial calculations
Place the ten of spades next to the nine of spades.
Conflict 'a' and 'w' perms are mutually exclusive.
Call and receive calls with SIP or IAX protocols
Up to four player network capable turn based strategy board game
Play Nintendo Game Boy Advance games
Distributed IRC client with central core component
NVidia binary X.Org driver ('version 96' driver)
Use the color sensor to sample spot colors
Make your photos shine - auto gamma levels, contrast, saturation
Move ~a onto the ace of diamonds.
Play games that challenge your logic, verbal, calculation and memory abilities
Text editor with hundreds of functions
Spam filter using text analysis (works with Evolution Mail)
Do not put the new traces into the report, but write them to stdout.
A utility to read and manipulate raw images from digital cameras
Fully featured video and music player, podcast client, and bittorrent client
Puzzle game involving untangling planar graphs
Move something onto an empty right-hand tableau slot
Software for 3-manifold topology and normal surface theory
Little shoot-'em-up arcade game for one or two player
Remove colored balls from the board by forming lines
Create and copy CDs and DVDs
Backup your data with an easy to use user interface
Place the four of spades next to the three of spades.
Information and notification of new discovered bluetooth devices
This problem was already reported to developers. Thank you!
No pending crash reports. Try --help for more information.
Query NCBI databases and retrieve documents
A file-sharing client for the Direct Connect network
You are not the reporter of this problem report. It is much easier to mark a bug as a duplicate of another than to move your comments and attachments to a new bug. Subsequently, we recommend that you file a new bug report using "apport-bug" and make a comment in this bug about the one you file. Do you really want to proceed?
Place the ten of clubs next to the nine of clubs.
Install new card themes from the distribution packages repositories
game about mania, melancholia, and the creative process
Create service packs for sharing with other computers
The specified process does not belong to you. Please run this program as the process owner or as root.
Blob Wars : Blob And Conquer
amazing reverb by kokkinizita - more bang per byte
Place the jack of spades next to the ten of spades.
Place the seven of hearts next to the six of hearts.
Perform calculations, analyze information and manage lists in spreadsheets by using Calc.
Unable to determine current swparams for playback: %s
You are not the reporter or subscriber of this problem report, or the report is a duplicate or already closed. Please create a new report using "apport-bug".
Search words in an catalan - english dictionary
Unable to set start threshold mode for playback: %s
Change sound volume and sound events
Full and incremental backup to DVD with verify
Share your music with close friends
A simple frontend to easily connect to remote filesystems
ERROR profile %s contains policy elements not usable with this kernel: \t'*', '?', character ranges, and alternations are not allowed. \t'**' may only be used at the end of a rule.
Translate and localize applications and libraries
Place the seven of diamonds next to the six of diamonds.
Application to download/upload subtitles of your movies.
Jump on your opponents to make them explode
Video subtitling for the GNOME desktop
Unable to set avail min for playback: %s
Change software update preferences and enable or disable software sources
A media-rich model, simulation construction kit and authoring tool
NVidia binary X.Org driver ('version 173' driver)
Colorful Logic game with arcade and tactics modes
Spectrum display and demodulator of IQ radio data
Error: %s is not an executable. Stopping.
Move ~a onto the ten of clubs.
Create, modify, and delete samba shares
Identify differences in the API exposed by mono library assemblies.
The finest dock no money can buy.
This problem report applies to a program which is not installed any more.
Please enter your account information for the %s bug tracking system
Assists in the prevention and recovery of Repetitive Strain Injury (RSI)
X Terminal that supports Thai (TIS-620 encoding)
Move ~a onto an empty corner slot.
capture stream format change? attempting recover...
Place the five of clubs next to the four of clubs.
QComicBook is a viewer for comic book archives (cbz, cbr, cbt). QComicBook has specific features like page preview, thumbnails view, bookmarks, manga mode for easing comicbook reading.
A mediacenter user interface written with the Plasma framework
Your computer does not have enough free memory to automatically analyze the problem and send a report to the developers.
Please enter your password to access problem reports of system programs
An intelligent spaced-repetition memory training program
%s: No filename found in line %d of standard input, aborting
Unable to open %s - %s
Puzzle game in the spirit of solomon's key
SDL-Port of Wolfenstein 3-D and Spear of Destiny
Move ~a onto the king of diamonds.
You can launch a browser now, or copy this URL into a browser on another computer.
Learn BASIC in an environment designed for young children
Open Cubic Player 0.1.20 for UNIX
Network animator based on Qt4 working with ns-3
A networked 3D first person shooter game with high-quality graphic effects
"Puzzle game inspired on Einstein's puzzle"
36 puzzle games for all the family
View current processes and monitor system state
Create a startup disk using a CD or disc image
Create scores on-the-fly by recording from mic
Move ~a onto the queen of hearts.
Unsupported WAV format %d for %s
A subtitle editor based on GStreamer and Gtk+
Ignore future problems of this program version
An open source Yahtzee like game written in C#
A fast and lightweight IDE using GTK2
QStarDict is Qt version of StarDict
GWhere allows one to manage a database of your CDs and other removable media (hard disks, floppy drive, Zip drive, CD-ROM, etc...). With GWhere it's easy to browse yours CDs or to make quick search without need to insert yours CDs in the drive repeatedly.
%s: error removing access acl on "%s": %s
Manage music, video and photos on an Apple iPod
Produce simple xy-plots of scientific data
Develop, modify or debug a source-highlight definition file
Record, mix and master multi-track audio
Valued point cloud visualisation and analysis
Drill game to learn Japanese kana characters
Send and receive mail with Thunderbird
%s: Removing leading '/' from absolute path names
Instant messaging client for MSN, Gtalk and Facebook
Undo until there are enough cards to fill all tableau piles
Move ~a onto the two of hearts.
specify the log file name produced by valgrind
Codecs to play mpeg, divx, mpeg4, ac3, wmv and asf files
GTK interface for the unison file synchronization tool 2.40.102
A list of strings that come in the form of a quintuple: name, wins, total games played, best time (in seconds) and worst time (also in seconds). Unplayed games do not need to be represented.
Edits multiple sequence alignments and prints them in PostScript format.
Connect to MUDs (Multi User Dungeons)
Manage and change your L2TP IPsec VPN connection settings
Turn-based strategy game inspired by the history of human civilization
A high quality, fast scrolling first-person perspective 3D action game
Starts the default web browser on the local EMBOSS Explorer website.
Just because a crosswalk looks like a hopscotch board doesn't mean it is one
Visualize and investigate proteins and some geometric objects
2D puzzle game featuring a fuzzy little cat
Graphical IDE for MCS-51 based microcontrollers
Vodovod is a puzzle game in which you must lead the water to the storage tank.
%s: %s: Cannot change owner/group: %s
Uppercase qualifiers "RWLIMX" are deprecated, please convert to lowercase See the apparmor.d(5) manpage for details.
View, alter and save images from a webcam
Create your live radio show or podcast
Train/railway simulator compatible with 'BVE Trainsim' routes
A digital television (DVB) viewer for GNOME
Translate a text or web page
GUI designer written in Python with wxPython
Move ~a onto an empty top slot.
Download and share files using the BitTorrent P2P network
Create and edit drawings, flow charts and logos by using Draw.
Place the nine of diamonds next to the eight of diamonds.
A tabbed PDF viewer using the poppler library.
Update and manage your online journal
An interface to the Maxima Computer Algebra System
Place the nine of clubs next to the eight of clubs.
%s is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
ERROR adding hat access rule for profile %s
Start in bug updating mode. Can take an optional --package.
Integrated MIDI piano roll editor and sequencer engine
Retro game goes multitouch: use two knobs to paint a picture
Light up all the empty squares by placing light bulbs in some of them
Edit text from ebook PDF files
The x-ray absorption spectroscopist's periodic table
Commonly used applications with restricted copyright (mp3, avi, mpeg, TrueType, Java, Flash)
Place the jack of clubs next to the ten of clubs.
Interactive Fiction multi-interpreter that supports all major IF formats
This occured during a previous hibernate and prevented it from resuming properly.
Create and edit Scalable Vector Graphics images
Transcribe speech data using an integrated editor
Simple GTK2 color selector and picker
Simple GTK gui to liquidsoap to interactively configure your streams.
Find memory-management problems in your programs using the valgrind tool
Play a clone of the classic arcade game Breakout for GNOME
Multivariate interactive graphics for exploratory data analysis
Sends ed2k://, magnet: or *.emulecollection to the engine
Move ~a onto the six of hearts.
Game about the interactions within a gardening community
KDE MIDI Metronome Using ALSA Sequencer
classic 2D point and click adventure game
Play the classic two-player boardgame of chess
Manage your finances, accounts, and investments
Administer the mailboxes of your IMAP Cyrus servers
Manage the reservations for your hotel, hostel or BB
Move ~a onto the ace of spades.
Manage BlackBerry devices from a central GUI.
Place the nine of hearts next to the eight of hearts.
Remove, extract, and rotate pages in PDF documents
Streaming Direct Broadcast System based on P2P
Petri dish universe in 3D that demonstrates evolving artificial life
Record, play, edit and convert sound files
Multiplatform basic interpreter for the development of videogames
Grab the gems and throw them back up before they crush you
Loudness meter according to EBU-R128 for JACK
Organize and develop images from digital cameras
Beat the odds in a poker-style dice game
Broadcast multimedia streams over an Icecast system
Place the six of hearts next to the five of hearts.
View and log downlink data from Altus Metrum products
Sports video analysis tool for coaches
Customize your Ubuntu Desktop CDs easily
Place the six of spades next to the five of spades.
the executable that is run under valgrind's memcheck tool for memory leak detection
Signal and Image Filtering Tool (demo software based on guidata and guiqwt)
Interactive post-processing tool for scanned pages
Generator for math worksheets for french college
Automatically rename files have them sort in given order
Desktop organizer application for the Palm Pilot
Choose how other users can remotely view your desktop
Specify package name in --file-bug mode. This is optional if a --pid is specified. (Implied if package name is given as only argument.)
read error (called from line %i)
Docks any application into system tray
Move a card to an empty temporary slot
Simple GTK gui to the wiimote to test and display the wiimote data.
Take any picture with your web cam
-l,--list list current connections of each port
Period size range from %lu to %lu
Place the king of diamonds next to the queen of diamonds.
Unlock access to passwords and other secrets
-d,--dest addr : write to given addr (client:port)
Place the two of hearts next to the ace of hearts.
Move ~a onto the jack of clubs.
Move ~a onto the five of diamonds.
Place the eight of spades next to the seven of spades.
Convenient command and access tool for applications and documents
Translate words or sentences using an online translation service
Scientific visualization and analysis software for atomistic simulation data.
Sparc Audio doesn't support %s format...
Move ~a onto an empty right slot.
buffer to small, could not use
A graphical tool for postprocessing and classification of LTR retrotransposons.
Lists audio and video streams from shoutcast and icecast
Application to get and manage software
Buffer size range from %lu to %lu
Move ~a onto the jack of diamonds.
Configure TCOS server daemons and users
%s is not a mono stream (%d channels)
Delete records of which files and applications were used:
Integrated Development Environment for Python (using Python-3.3)
Eat the yummy veggies in the garden (game for small kids)
painting program to create pixel art and manipulate digital photos
Place the seven of clubs next to the six of clubs.
create offline-atlases for GPS/cell phone applications
Develop software in an integrated development environment
Unset boolean variable %s used in if-expression
A tool to play back a piece of music at a different speed or pitch
Move ~a onto the six of diamonds.
Error reports include information about what a program was doing when it failed. You always have the choice to send or cancel an error report.
Run, edit, install, remove and package D-Mods (Dink Modules)
RAD Tool for Python and WxWindows
Internal error generated invalid perm 0x%llx
Share your keyboard and mouse over a network
Model molecular structures and produce high-quality images of them
2D platform game about communist and capitalist balls
Cache directory for packages downloaded in the sandbox
Place the two of spades next to the ace of spades.
subset can only be used with link rules.
Software sound renderer (MIDI sequencer, MOD player)
can't play WAVE-files with sample %d bits wide
GNOME tool to find strings in a set of files
Move ~a onto the ace of hearts.
Control Marks and Spencer USB Missile Launcher
See the time in other timezones
Chat on Google Talk, Facebook, MSN and many other chat services
Gimmix is a graphical music player daemon (MPD) client written in C.
Advanced logging program for hamradio operators
Application for Drawing and Handling of Images
A free tool to structure and organise your information with mind mapping
A graphical interface for easily configuring Synergy
Add coordinates to jpeg images using gpx files
A ball-and-paddle game with nice graphics.
Voice chat on Ventrilo 3.x servers
%s: error removing default acl on "%s": %s
MIDI and Audio Sequencer and Notation Editor
Receive and send text messages from your mobile phone
Manages software installed from source code
Move ~a onto an empty slot.
Download and upload files via FTP, FTPS and SFTP
Deduce the positions of the balls by firing lasers
video game with mice in a maze
%s: Errors found during regex postprocess. Aborting.
Chat with other people using Internet Relay Chat
Place the four of clubs next to the three of clubs.
BBS client based on Qt library in linux
QjackCtl is a JACK Audio Connection Kit Qt GUI Interface
can't play loops; %s isn't seekable
Position the points so that no line crosses another
X Convert File Audio. Programme pour convertir les fichiers audio.
Unable to start web browser to open %s.
Play vintage arcade games using the MAME emulator
Virtual Machine with MMU for FreeMiNT and Linux-m68k
Movie creator from photos and video clips
Organize recipes, create shopping lists, calculate nutritional information, and more.
Move a card from the reserve onto the empty tableau slot
Fax-Software and Call-Monitor for AVM FRITZ!Box or compatible
Create and edit text and graphics in letters, reports, documents and Web pages by using Writer.
-f dat (16 bit little endian, 48000, stereo)
Commonly used applications with restricted copyright (mp3, avi, mpeg, TrueType, Java, Flash, Codecs)
GENPO is the GENeral Purpose Organ.
Graphical design of primers for PCR and sequencing
Channel %2d: Control event : %5d
Configure items to be added to the Nautilus context menus
Schematic, capture and simulation of electronic circuits
Memory Allocation Error: Unable to remove %s:%s.
A totem plugin to watch streams from arte.tv
GStreamer plugins for mms, wavpack, quicktime, musepack
Download photos and videos from cameras, memory cards and Portable Storage Devices
Link the squares of a grid according to the arrows on them
Interactive tool to copy files to or from USB storage media
Author videos to DVD with menus
The problem happened with the program %s which changed since the crash occurred.
Platform game with some puzzle elements
Computer algebra system for field theory problems
A multi-purpose board game GUI for Go, Amazons and Reversi
Jukebox for large collections of mp3/ogg/flac/mpc
Cannot connect to crash database, please check your Internet connection.
Record a video of your desktop session
2D overhead shooter in Zero G
Lightweight and Fast GTK+ based Mail Client
--set=acl set the ACL of file(s), replacing the current ACL --set-file=file read ACL entries to set from file --mask do recalculate the effective rights mask
Bookkeeping program for small to medium sized companies
Remote control your desktop from your Bluetooth enabled mobile phone
Tile the Windows Upon your X Desktop
Correct the pitch of a voice singing out of tune
After the problem report has been sent, please fill out the form in the automatically opened web browser.
A Super Mario inspired penguin platform game
-f cd (16 bit little endian, 44100, stereo)
Search for movies, persons, torrents and subtitles on many websites, and get info about them
Error: Could not add directory %s to search path.
Virtual Machine for Atari 32-bit applications
This usually occurs when you run an older version of Aisleriot which does not have the game you last played. The default game, Klondike, is being started instead.
Find documents by specifying search terms
NVidia binary X.Org driver ('current' driver)
Your system does not have enough memory to process this crash report.
Move ~a onto the red joker.
Move ~a onto the king of clubs.
File manager for Sony MP3 players
A File And Directory Comparison And Merge Tool
No moves are possible. Undo or start again.
View multiple sequence alignment for GenBank
Select whether to drag the cards or to click on the source then the destination.
Fully GUI-configurable, two-pane X file manager
Select a card from the reserve for first foundation pile
-f cdr (16 bit big endian, 44100, stereo)
Qtractor is an Audio/MIDI multi-track sequencer application
Share files over the Direct Connect network
Symptom script %s did not determine an affected package
The provided pid is a hanging application.
Place the jack of diamonds next to the ten of diamonds.
2D game inspired in Bubble Bobble, Snow Bros and Tumble Pop
Optimized hardware acceleration of OpenGL with newer ATI graphic cards
View macro-molecules and prepare publication-quality images of them
Send keys to multiple windows simultaneously
An IRC Client for GNUstep and Mac OS X
Includes Gmail, Google Docs, Google+, YouTube and Picasa
A light and eye-candy dock and desklets for your desktop.
Displays, modifies, prints and exports in SVG format phylogenetic trees
Find what you're looking for on this computer by name or content using Tracker
Enterprise web development framework using Python
3D modeling, animation, rendering and post-production
A graphical user interface for the PDF Toolkit (pdftk)
PDF Merging, Rearranging, Splitting, Rotating and Cropping
Analyze and graphically present experimental data
If you're ever lost and alone in the woods, hug a tree
View, search and route with OpenStreetMap
Uncover pairs of stones while navigating obstacles using a marble
Track and sync the files in your Git Annex
A small and fast BitTorrent client
launcher for the Freespace 2 Source Code Project
Graphical launcher for the FlightGear Filght Simulator
Enter a Japanese or English word to easily get translations
Place the eight of clubs next to the seven of clubs.
Download files from your digital camera.
Graphical tool for merging and comparing text files
Process astronomical images and control CCDs
Change desktop wallpapers and behavior of desktop manager
Open a new private browsing window
Model and manipulate molecules, and create high-quality renderings of them
Real Time Strategy 2D space combat multiplayer net game.
Graphical interface to the R environment for statistical computing
Lightweight Twitter client based on Gtk2 and WebKit
A translation tool to help a human translator translate files into other languages
Modify the calibration matrices on the ColorHug device
GTK+-2 Client for OpenVAS Security Scanner
Move ~a onto the three of diamonds.
Sorry, the program "%s" closed unexpectedly
AppArmorApplet is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
Split mp3 and ogg files without decoding
Manage databases, create queries and reports to track and manage your information by using Base.
Place the five of diamonds next to the four of diamonds.
%s: cannot set default acl on "%s": %s
Medical image viewer and DICOM network client
limited support for devices with older firmware
Certificate Manager and Unified Crypto GUI
A panel applet for resizing and reorientating X screens.
Match the top two cards of the waste.
StepBill - XBill for GNUstep (based on MacBill)
Fly your ship in a 4d environment
Could not determine the package or source package name.
Abstract vertical shooter with music elements
Place the nine of spades next to the eight of spades.
Move ~a onto the jack of spades.
Error: Could not read profile %s: %s.
Create or open user interface designs for GTK+ applications
* List connected ports (no subscription action)
Provide access to graphical desktop environments via synthesized speech and/or refreshable braille
Add or remove applications from the main menu
Move ~a onto the four of spades.
Warning: format is changed to S16_BE
Unable to set buffer size %lu for playback: %s
Java GUI client for FTP, SMB, SFTP and NFS
R software environment for statistical computing and graphics
Channel %2d: Note On event : %5d
A simple program to manage UPnP IGD compliant routers
%s: Errors found in file. Aborting.
Web Application Attack and Audit Framework
Unsupported sample format bits %d for %s
Get all six blue squares on to the six faces of the cube at the same time
routes and manipulates audio from/to multiple sources
Create and edit printed circuit board designs
Amateur Radio Data Transfer with ARQ
Compiled HTML Help (CHM) file viewer
artificial life program that simulates the processes involved in the evolution of organisms
Manage disks, partitions and file systems
Move a build of cards on to the empty Tableau slot
A roguelike dungeon exploration game based on the books of J.R.R.Tolkien
Graphical user interface for the European Molecular Biology Open Software Suite.
Monitor for CPU, memory, disks, network, mail
multiplayer platform game with dwarfs fighting with/for food
ERROR processing regexs for profile %s, failed to load
Broken configuration for playback: no configurations available: %s
Warning: rate is not accurate (requested = %iHz, got = %iHz)
Sorry, %s has experienced an internal error.
Place the eight of diamonds next to the seven of diamonds.
Manage system jobs present on your computer
Do symbolic mathematics and quick calculations
Provides D-Bus interfaces for querying and manipulating user account information.
wrong format tag in extensible 'fmt ' chunk
Platform game where your goal is to collect candies
To rename files and directories in batch
A GTK+ utility to awake turned off machine using the Wake On LAN feature.
Application to manage remote site configurations
Move ~a onto the unknown card.
MP3 Diags - diagnosis and repair tool
Give your application an accessibility workout
The collected information is being sent to the bug tracking system. This might take a few minutes.
reuse a previously created cache dir (CDIR) or, if it does not exist, create it
Full and incremental backup with media verification
XMMS2 client which aims to be as feature-full and easy-to-use as possible
Application for scientific data analysis and visualization
Talk to people over the Internet and send instant messages over multiple protocols
Move ~a onto the ten of hearts.
A lightweight DVD slideshow maker using GTK+2
Move ~a onto the eight of hearts.
Path to the duplicate sqlite database (default: no duplicate checking)
View traces produced during the execution of multi-threaded programs
PANIC bad increment buffer %p pos %p ext %p size %d res %p
A flashcard and vocabulary learning program
hardcore 3D space shooter with spaceship upgrade possibilities
Reconstruct the pattern by arranging the set of dominoes to match the provided array of numbers
Try to end up with the tiles in numerical order, with the space in the bottom right
Reversi game for GNOME, supporting the Go/Game Text Protocol
A graphical user interface for the Argyll CMS display calibration utilities
Place the three of clubs next to the two of clubs.
Convert GPS data and exchange it with a GPS unit
A 2D game where funny characters launch funny weapons
Open a New Window with a temporary profile
Educational typing tutor game starring Tux
%s: Illegal open {, nesting groupings not allowed
Learn the piano just by playing a game
Audio test signals meter for JACK
Play a Tron-like light cycle game
Tag your music with the next generation MusicBrainz tagger
Fill the grid so the range of each numbered square matches the number
Kepas - KDE Easy Publish and Share
Installer for the Adobe Flash plugin for Mozilla
What kind of problem do you want to report?
Move something on to an empty reserve
Interactive System Activity Grapher for sysstat
Sample format not available for playback: %s
Move ~a onto the ace of clubs.
Convert multimedia for all your devices
Sound synthesis and audio signal processing environment
Information is being collected that may help the developers fix the problem you report.
QWBFS Manager is a graphical user interface (GUI) for working with WBFS filesystem formatted hard disk drive.
Action launcher based on system activity
Gerber file viewer for PCB design
Polyphonic, multichannel midi realtime software synthesizer
Fun game based on the classic moon lander
Rate doesn't match (requested %iHz, get %iHz, err %d)
Place the five of spades next to the four of spades.
Draw edges along the grid lines which divide the rectangle under certain rules
Move something into the empty Tableau slot
MySQL Database Design, Administration and Development Tool
Gaffiot's dictionary is a reference book
Sega Master System/Game Gear ROM Player
2.4 GHz spectrum analysis using the Wi-Spy hardware device
The game has no solution. Undo or start again.
A fast-paced 3D first-person shooter, similar to id Software Inc.'s Quake III Arena
Start an interactive gdb session with the report's core dump (-o ignored; does not rewrite report)
Simple counter showing your gains since you quit smoking
Displays, modifies and exports in PostScript format phylogenetic trees
Simple text editor for Markdown and reStructuredText
Transfer files using the FTP, FTPS or SFTP protocol
%s: Regex grouping error: Unclosed grouping or character class, expecting close }
Splits a stream in its tracks!
View the time at locations around the world
%s: cannot set access acl on "%s": %s
Graphical experiment builder for the social sciences
-t,--tick # convert tick-time-stamp on queue
Visual dataflow programming platform for multimedia
Move ~a onto the jack of hearts.
Builds the KDE Platform and associated software from its source code. A command-line only program.
Dock any application to the notification area/system tray.
Report the crash from given .apport or .crash file instead of the pending ones in %s. (Implied if file is given as only argument.)
Pocket Math Expression Solver and Plotter
Figure out which letters are which numbers
Sample rate doesn't match (%d) for %s
Move ~a onto the queen of diamonds.
Move ~a onto the black joker.
Tool for creating Live USB drives
Authentication is required to change the login screen configuration
QmidiNet is a MIDI Network Gateway via UDP/IP Multicast
Mass spectrum viewer and data analysis proteomics tool
Browse the web in text mode
QEMU & KVM Virtual Machine Manager
OpenClonk is mainly about mining, settling and fast-paced melees.
Broken configuration for this PCM: no configurations available
QTScrobbler is tool for submitting .scrobbler.log from portable players to Last.fm
Profile flag 'debug' is no longer valid.
Share files using GNU's anonymous and censorship-resistant network
This problem report is damaged and cannot be processed.
Interactive tool to simulate acido-basic titrations
DLNA/UPnP device and service analyzer,control-point and test-tool
hardware & software framework for developing science experiments
Set desktop background and menu and icon behaviour
Monitor and control SMART data on hard disks
Emulator for KC85 and compatible computer
Logs GSM and GPS and uploads to openBmap.
Conduct a Single Transferable Vote election
Supplies technical and tag information about a video or audio file
Search for videos on many websites, and get info about them
can't play WAVE-files with sample %d bits in %d bytes wide (%d channels)
manage references and citations in your publications
Generate surface mesh in survex format
The Kernel Panic game for the Spring engine. A fast-paced RTS with no economy.
Monophonic synth plugin with two oscillators and waveshapers
Never blow in a dog's ear
Educational game for ages 2 to 10
The ancient Chinese board game for 4 players
aconnect - ALSA sequencer connection manager
Cancel and &ignore future crashes of this program version
Draw and make calculations on chemical structures
themonospot - extract information from avi or mkv files
incorrect number of arguments; use --help for a short help
Send occasional system information to Canonical
Access type not available for playback: %s
Create your own SweetHome3D furniture libraries
you either need to do a local operation (-s, -g, -o) or supply an authentication file (--auth); see --help for a short help
Visually query and analyse your XML data
Invalid mode, 'x' must be preceded by exec qualifier 'i', 'p', or 'u'
Create and edit text and graphics in letters, reports, documents and Web pages using Zoho web services.
Open a New Window in incognito mode
Explore the solar system in this accurate simulation
GTK or console backgammon program with analysis
Read, write and modify ISO images
Move ~a onto the five of hearts.
Record a video of your desktop
Listen to, browse, or edit your audio collection
View and manipulate atomic and other chemical systems
Suspicious buffer position (%li total): avail = %li, delay = %li, buffer = %li
link perms are not allowed on a named profile transition.
Puzzle game similar to Tetris Attack
Make lines of the same color to win
TV viewer for ATI video cards
A real-time strategy game of ancient warfare
The office productivity suite compatible to the open and standardized ODF document format. Supported by The Document Foundation.
Color managed printing of multiple photos on single page
Directly edit your entire configuration database
Build a temporary sandbox and download/install the necessary packages and debug symbols in there; without this option it assumes that the necessary packages and debug symbols are already installed in the system. The argument points to the packaging system configuration base directory; if you specify "system", it will use the system configuration files, but will then only be able to retrace crashes that happened on the currently running release.
A graphical tool to find and remove orphaned libraries
Front-end for Axel - a light download accelerator
Lookup words in a local or Internet dictionary
Play Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Consider moving something into an empty slot
Clear a spaceship from all droids
A tool for managing Creative Nomad/Zen Jukeboxes and Dell DJs
Download and upload files using multiple file transfer protocols
Manage genealogical information, perform genealogical research and analysis
View and temporarily install all kinds of fonts.
Learn how to program with ants and spider webs
A GUI for mp3gain, vorbisgain and aacgain
Create and Edit Drawings or Images
Avoid the robots and make them crash into each other
Move ~a onto the ten of diamonds.
A flash card program to make your review process more efficient
Create and edit 3D models and animations
Backup eCryptfs configuration and mount passphrases
An audio tool to build processing networks by connecting functional boxes
You need to specify a package or a PID. See --help for more information.
XML Schema Definition (XSD) diagram viewer
Clear the screen by removing groups of colored and shaped tiles
VDR Xineliboutput Client - FrameBuffer Frontend
You have some obsolete package versions installed. Please upgrade the following packages and check if the problem still occurs: %s
Move ~a onto the two of diamonds.
A free Japanese dictionary and study assistant
Please report this bug to the developers.
Change resolution and position of monitors and projectors
DXX-Rebirth source port of Descent: First Strike from 1995...
A science-fiction adventure game set in a bleak post-apocalyptic vision of the future
File a bug report about a symptom. (Implied if symptom name is given as only argument.)
Desktop volume rendering application for large data
A program to work with scanner. Can be used as a scanning, copier, OCR, fax tools.
Move ~a onto an empty left slot.
Audio file player with time stretch
Aisleriot cannot find the last game you played.
Exec qualifier 'i' invalid, conflicting qualifier already specified
Get notified when new mail arrives
Mixer for the PulseAudio sound server (GTK+)
Chat over IM. Supports AIM, Google Talk, Jabber/XMPP, MSN, Yahoo and more
Error: %s is not an executable. Stopping.
Create and edit scientific formulas and equations by using Math.
Move ~a onto the nine of clubs.
GTK letters-learning game for small children
Manage EEG recordings, view and score EDF files, and simulate Process S
GTK interface for the unison file synchronization tool 2.32.52
Can't recovery from underrun, prepare failed: %s
Try `%s --help' for more information.
ERROR merging rules for profile %s, failed to load
Some of these may not be available on selected hardware
Play tennis against the computer or a friend
Analyse or generate an Audio signal through ALSA
A web browser reader for touch tablets
If you notice further problems, try restarting the computer.
Lets you watch TV in a window
Move ~a onto the eight of diamonds.
Configure keyboard, mouse, and other input devices
Web browser running in both graphics and text mode
service '%s' is not found in /etc/services
Mission Pack 1 for the classic first person shooter
Move a card or build of cards on to the empty slot
xprop failed to determine process ID of the window
Runs an audio processing core under a QT designer interface
Move ~a onto the three of clubs.
Move ~a onto the nine of hearts.
Meta-package for the Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment
Place the ten of hearts next to the nine of hearts.
GUI to remotely control a Transmission daemon
Mount CD-ROM and DVD image iso
Create, play and organize MIDI instruments and sounds
Can't use period equal to buffer size (%lu == %lu)
A guess-the-number game, aka Bulls and Cows
Configure the sources for installable software and updates
Rate %iHz not available for playback: %s
A free environment for rapid engineering and scientific prototyping and data processing
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see .
Image Per Image capture tool for making animation movies.
Displays images that evolve with sound
Place the ten of diamonds next to the nine of diamonds.
Send an error report to help fix this problem
Could not show help for %s
Share mouse and pointer with other Computers
%s: Sorry. You need root privileges to run this program.
The collected information can be sent to the developers to improve the application. This might take a few minutes.
Move ~a onto the two of clubs.
ParaView allows viewing of large data sets
Authentication is required to change your own user data
A tool to setup visual and audio alarms for tablets
A message of the day browser for X
Submit DNA sequences to the GenBank, EMBL, and DDBJ databases
Connect the dots to create squares
Split wave files into multiple chunks
Tetris Attack clone with spooky undertones
Simple and easy to use addressbook
report download/install progress when installing packages into sandbox
A graphical user interface for SSH and SCP
Multimedia educational activities: puzzles, associations, text exercises, crosswords, scrambled letters, etc.
Visualization of PulseAudio streams with projectM
Use the command line in a Quake-like terminal
Place the six of diamonds next to the five of diamonds.
Perform symbolic and numeric calculations using Maxima
Run several virtual systems on a single host computer
A simple environment for editing, typesetting, and previewing TeX documents
Construct, view and analyse atomic structures
A hex editor for huge files and devices
aseqnet - network client/server on ALSA sequencer
Launch the import wizard to migrate data from mailer as thunderbird/evolution etc.
%s: %s: Only directories can have default ACLs
Move ~a onto the three of hearts.
Move running applications between networked computers
do not create or reuse a sandbox directory for additional debug symbols but rely only on installed debug symbols.
Move a king onto an empty tableau slot.
Warning: unable to find a suitable fs in %s, is it mounted? Use --subdomainfs to override.
Install an extra package into the sandbox (can be specified multiple times)
Firefox Launchpad integration adds quick search for Launchpad services
A talking and fully customizable alarm clock that will operate from poweroff
%s: Errors found during postprocess. Aborting.
Super Nintendo Entertainment System (TM) emulator
The specified process ID does not belong to a program.
standard terminal emulator for the X window system
Go mad with this Tetris clone
Share files over the DC++ network
Try moving cards down from the foundation
Couldn't merge entries. Out of Memory
Take photos and videos with your webcam, with fun graphical effects
